racim both for blacks and whites false information
coming together as a country
severe political polarization that does not allow for compromise or growth
pandemic (covid-19)
globalism, Fake covid, law and order, BLM, public education, socialism, businesses being destroyed by globalist governors
pandemic. we need to control it.  Biden has ideas.  Trump had garbage.
racism.. poverty
jobs homeless covid19
lack of leadership
covid-19 viruslack of vaccine and not being able to control
El racismo.....
economy, virus, division
everything
racism, discrimination, wealth gap/income inequality, political polarization, covid-19, access to affordable and quality healthcare and education, FDA and pooor OTC supplement regulation, internet addication, high drug abuse, etc.
Tatic in policing guncontrol
Pandemic and jobs
Covid response, unemployment,
Income inequality
covid-19 pandemic,the economy,racial issues/divided country.
The pandemic.  Too many people are not following the guidelines and therefore the virus is out of control.  It is overloading our healthcare facilities and the education of our children as well as leaving many Americans out of work.
Coronavirus response and reviving the damaged economy from unecessary shutdowns
Health care access for all, immigration,  equality and rights amongst people of color
Income Inequality. Climate Change. Unaccountable representatives.
Lack of Manufacturing Facilities in the US
Desigualdad de paga en trabajos entre clases sociales y sexos, racismo, cobertura medica que puede ser mejorada, y immigracion.
Covid19 and pathetic leadership from white house
polution, climate control, sex trafficing, constituional rights for us all.
Pandemic help
Covid; Very poor coordination of effort in fighting the disease. President seemed at odds with everyone who did not espouse his idea of the minute.
insurance medical issues and having peace with one another
None
our government using violence and propaganda to enforce their will upon the people
Social unrest...we are a divided nation no thanks to the dumpster Trump
the pr0gressive agenda headed towards socialism
COVID controlling it
lack of respect or tolerance of others opinions
combating the spreading of this covid-19
Two-party system
4 years of trumpdismantling of the climate accordsthe widening gap between rich and poorthe failing social net
covid -19,
political unrest, media bias, COVID-19, true equality and reform
-9
economy
Jobs, Immigration, Health Care Reform
the division happening.  demensional shifting is exhausting yet fun.  need the news to offer sone good stories to lift the spirit of the masses.  global anger needs to simmer down with love.
The new president
virus, presidential transition
Climate Change is dangerous and the government is not doing enough to combat it
lack of integrity and unrest society
Dealing with the Pandemic.
COVID-19unemploymentglobal warming
Among the many, perhaps the most important is the refusal to agree on verifiable facts.
everything is needing fixed
socialists no more to say
Trump not concedeing presidency and causing division. no other president ever acted like a spoiled brat before
Getting the Covid pandemic under control so we can get back to having functioning lives, economy, etc.
government is messed up
election process
Covid.  No clear direction to country.  cases continue to increase
wealth gap racism
absence of serious health insurance programs, poverty, xenophobia, MAGA prejudices, sinful lack of international coopération, mistreatment of children -- food, health, imprisonment at the border, complètement disfunctional government with Republicans and their anti-democratic behavior
Spread of disease, climate change, increasing numbers of poor people (no more middle class) aka: the working poor, number of jobs that provide enough wealth to live on, food supply shortage, cost of healthcare, cost of education, systemic racism, biased news outlets, a two-party system of government that does not allow for other views/parties to break into the mainstream (for example: two-party debates) and has become extrememly divided along those party ideals.
Covid crisis is out of control. No planning.
Race Issues With local and federal police
the division that trump has caused in this country and around the world.
Global warming is the most serious issue facing the entire planet
Climate change poses an existential threat to our species, and solving it will be complicated. It's already causing problems for me, like the smoke I breathed all fall.
the wealth gap, systematic racism, criminal justice system, the school system, global warming, health care, student loan debt.
Enviromental degradation
covid and our politcal system.  we need to work together.
division between blacks and whites and the police
covid 19 people are dying
The election resultsCovid 19BLM Constant protests,riots
racism is the biggest problem
race ..people need to accept biracial couples  an gays
The Pandemic  wish masks were mandated and observed People don't follow the rules about social distancing masks gatherings etc ,
Dishonesty in Media
racist  ..we've  of course  had it before but i believe  it got worse  with Donald Trump
division between parties
Politically divided country and media plus almost all news lets don’t report news cirrectly ir fair!
Covid 19 pandemic EconomyHealth Care
Police Brutality Coronavirus Education
Systemic Racism in all areas of government and education and financial opportunties
money and health care
Covid 19 deaths
Donald Trump inciting people over the election and constantly lying about literally everything.
Hate, rioting, illegal aliens
1. COVID2. Racial Issues3. Tax Increases from Welfare
I think the conflict and violence we're experiencing is the largest problem we are facing.  People can't just be kind and "love thy neighbor."  Elections tend to bring out the worst in people, but this year proved to be worse than anything I've witnessed.  Common courtesy and normal human behavior have completely dissipated. I am continually disappointed with mankind when I turn on the news, and I don't understand why people can't just act like a mensch and treat others the way they would want to be treated.
covid, violence, economy
Voting fraud and the lefts agenda
covid 19 its causing problems with the economy
riots, anarchy, BLM, ANTIFA....ALL SUCK!
Covid I feel that moreneeds to be done to enforce safety measures.
Political Division
covid and the lack of the trump administrations handling of it.
Getting the Covid-19 pandemic under control in the world.  Getting people to follow safety instructions. Passing 2nd stimulus bill!!!
Virus & finding a vaccine
corona. virus.  drugs
n/a
Coronavirusequalitypolice corruptness
our nation is being divided
liberals and socialists
Climate change and how it is affecting humans and the world; need to pass legislation to help save the planet
COVID-19 pandemic is keeping us from living a normal life.
all lives matter,
Biased reporting by the media.  Media tends to promote their beliefs rather than report only the facts or both sides of an issue.
TOO MUCH DIVISION
election fraud, freedom of speech and religion are under attack, second amendment rights are under attack, abortion
Moral standard
Getting the Covid pandemic under control; stimulating the economy; corruption
health and jobs
-9
covid 19, the spread of this virus.. no vaccine and jobs ..unemployment rate super high
Covid-19 pandemic
Socialism policies, Immigration, illegal immigrants, taxes
Systematic RascimDiscriminationPolice BrutalitySocial Injustice
Future taxes due to Democrat Presidency
Socialism initiatives put U.S. on path to be a third world country.
covid19spread elderly deaths economy effect
racism against all
the problem is everyone what to run this country but everyone dont like each color or like to tell someone what to do.  or this person might get more than other.
division of the people
political, economic, social injustice/inequality. climate change. covid being handled very poorly
Unity- The country is split in half 50/50
The fact that over 70 million people voted fir a racist, misogynist, man who lacks empathy.
Equality, racism and money.
Systemic racism
Welfare reform, medicare and social security stability and the national debt
Freedom is no longer in this country.  There should be no fear of violence for speaking how you feel.  Politicians (democrat and republican) are corrupt.  Violence in the streets.  A bunch of babies that don't know how to lose.
The loss of law and order
wealth inequalityhealthcaredebtlack of social safety netspoor educationreligion based politics
income inequality.  Health Insurance. Global Warming
COVID 19 response
Economic growth
illegal and recreational drug use is the number one problem / number two is nobody is willing to address the problem/rewarding irresponsible behavior will eventually overload the system.
poverty starving children. homeless children and with poverty often comes child abuse
immigration and giving too much to these non americans
the covid  it needs to be handeled right away
COVID,unemployment,children and schools
Systemic Racsim
Racism, Unemployment, Climate Change, Homelessness, and Hunger
donald trump refusing to leave office
Economic, racial and social inequality.
Division in society.
COVID, Racism, hatred, economy
Holding a single set of values and acting on them and not saying one thing and acting another way. Integrity — doing what you say that you will do.
keeping people locked down during pandemic
The deficit continues to explode while the federal government spends more than it takes in. It is projected that the national debt will exceed GDP in 2021.
unemployment, healthcare, global warming, pollution
the favoritism toward socialism.
Healthcare: COVID 19; access to care for allFair and equitable payRace relationsPolitical climate: divided nation
Elderly medical careSocial Security paying out to those who did not work
THE COUNTRY IS TO DIVIDED.
finding jobs and keeping them with all the covid restrictions
The disregard for the Constitution
corona virus finding a cure
Covid,1. The handling of this crisis by our President2. Th lack of compliance a lot of our country has shown for the requested restrictions and wearing of masks.
Expensive, inaccessible healthcare
immagration must be legal
Trump not conceding
division among people of opposing view points
the coronavirus pandemic
Economic growth
Trump as president
Economy, pandemic, equality for minorities, climate crisis
i believe that the biggest problem is that we are divided as a country and as people.
Partesinship, we need to listen to each other and learn to respect each other and work together to solve our problems.
1.) Information technology2.) Ecological collapse3.) Weapons of mass destruction
the economy the rich get richer, and the poor get poorer. we need a better balance.people work minimum wage,and can't pass their bills. meanwhile the business owners are sitting on a ton of money.trickle down doesn't work,we have to try a different way
covd 19 how neither of the partys work for one cause that's the u s a both should be for u s a and not for either party lets get real people united we stand.
disrespect/law and order
Bias of the Press.censorship by the Press.elite arrogance of the Press.lack of intelligent (educational) news, broadcasting of sensationalism and stupidity
covid 19 people are dying and schools are closed buisness is suffiering people are depressed and losing jobs
the shift away from the principles that this country was founded on
The corona virus
Coronavirus! Getting back to normalcy. Safely reopening businesses and schools.
Health insurance coverage, economy, unemployment
not giving money to people while closing everything
Covid and the spread through out the U.S.
Covid-19EconomyHealth careRace Relations
Divisiveness. Its ok to have different political ideals. People dont have to be so hateful of a different view. This carries over to everything. Don’t hate, just listen, state your opinion, listen again & take that knowledge home of what the other side thinks/feels, & be respectful.
I think the biggest problem in this country is this disease that spreading and talk of shutting things down and being without jobs or without money to pay bills it's going to ruin the economy and it's going to put a lot of people in debt especially small business owners
racism, police brutality
LA DES UNION ENTRE LAS PERSONAS RACISMOEDUCACION
Racism and bullying.
The Media,The false claims and everything wrong with the media. I don't have anywhere I trust to get information about the country I live in.
The handling of the pandemic.
inequality. Growing inequality leading to social tension, poor public health and education.
I believe there are many problems facing this country. A major problem is the amount of illegal immigrants in this country. Another problem facing this country is the rise of Socialism among liberals.
Media misinformation
The increase in cases of positive Covid tests, hospitalization and death
Socialism, the fact that people don't want to work anymore.
economy, socialistic gov, crime, open borders,
The pandemic virus
covid is now everywhere.
racism, Response to Covid
The lack of leadership with the pandemic
The threat of losing our collective trust in the goverment.
Getting the pandemic under control and getting the vaccine out
division, a house devided cannot stMd
Pandemic in this Country
Covid Pandemic. Trump has not provided leadership in attempting to prevent infections. The US leads the world in number of infections and deaths. Blood is on Trump's hands.
covid 19 pandemic is out of control
Lack of true education for all citizens.
Covid 19 not being controlled
-5
-1
everybody wants the govt. to pay for everything.  People need to get to work.  this excludes the time with the virus.
big business and their reach in politics and law
racial equaloity
HEALTH CARE AFFORDABILITY FOR ALL
Covid virus and it's effect on the US economy and possibly a recession
i think our biggest problem right now is coronavirus and people not taking it seriously.
The 1%Universal Healthcare
Black lives matter and social justice
nothing off the top of my head
Infiltration of socialism and big tech
The way the coronavirus pandemic has been handled.
Cost of living and Cost of Healthcare
white supremacist militia out in the woods.destruction of the environment we live in
immagration illegal immagrents
The political divide is very troubling.  My hope is that Biden can mend this intolerant and toxic divide Getting Covid-19 under control needs to be the number one priority
look weak to other countries. spoiled. government gives free stuff to wrong people - there are more opportunities for employment that people dont try to use or work withCovid. shut dowj the economy but does not enforce everyday people. hurt small and large businesses
Corona Virus pandemicrace issuesnatural disasters
the respect and division of Americas values for which we stand. we must not be led by faceless computers and begin our own research. we are too lazy as a country to do so, stuck on the fat backs of our politicians running us not us running them.
Political divisiveness
climate crisis- we are not doing enough to help the environment and redude global warming
separation.  We are divided.  It is really sad.
Covid-19 controlling spread and closing businesses
the virus,racism.
Environmental destruction, non-renewable resources, short-term greedy thinking, 1% of the world holds 44% of the wealth, division.
Pandemic, Economic recovery, education
Getting back to some sort of normalcy from COVID.  Opening up businesses in Californiaas well as schools would be a start.
i think there are to many people with power trying to tell other people what to do
Liberals that are willing to cheat, lie and cover up for their own to gain power. This country wasn't founded to cheat so you always get your way. The media plays right along with it.
Most important problems:  coronavirus, climate change, injusticeTo name just one: coronavirus
Being divided as a nation.
Being Objective
financial issues
Lack of protection for women and children!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mistreatment of black individuals. Not taxing the rich enough!!!!!!!!!!! Covid-19 and people not wearing masks.Not caring for the environment!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
countries priorities
biden becoming president
The rise of anti-capitalist, progressive Socialists
Socialism! To much government control.
The undermining of are democracy by the pres. ,Putin , the Republicans , FOX and others , next climate collapse , over population , America turning into an oligarchy or worse , the deepening divide between have and have not . Americans illiterate to are own history , to what democery demands , and their civic responsibility to it and the willingness to blindly fallow a despot .
racism
wealth imbalance between upper class and lower/middle class citizens
pandemic economy healthcare
Finding solution to the Covid problem.
racism, prejudice against black americans
Not much Job for youmg People
WORLD PEACE, TRUST, DISCRIMINATION
Rise of Socialism and fraud in the Democrat party
climate change, health care, not taxing corps, wealth gap, education gap
right now it is the election.  I do not trust the process and if I don't believe my vote counts or a political party can counter it, then what good is democracy. I do not trust the democratic party or any liberals.
the lack of unity with the country
COVID-19UnemploymentRacism Social Injustice
racial division
COVID & finding a vaccine
The Pandemic!!!
COVID 19 lockdowns for states and mask regulations. voter fraud because there is proof of it. thats why I am not happy with the Supreme Court because there is video evidence and nothing being done.
pandemicThe problem is that is has become a political issue and now it is continuing out of control and numbers are on the uptick.
Social Media and the idea of self-social ranking (comparing one's self to others)
Handling the impending economic fallout of the 2020 pandemic regulations and ordinances is the only great concern for the country. The impending stressors caused by the accellerated destruction of the middle class are worrisome.
Gun controlRacism
Our country seems to be turning against one another and worrying about the wrong problems. as humans we need to come together and do something about the environment. something needs to replace fossil fuels and Americans seem to be focused on the oil and coal industries but they really do need to go. I see civil dispute and hatred spread more than kindness and love. We need out of this state of mind our leader has been misleading us to believe.
The Black Lives Matter is out of control to the point that the white population is becoming the minority and losing their rights.
Rise in Socialist thoughts in our government -- Corrupt Government officials deeply entrenched in many levels thru out government -- The Loss of our Media driven by truth thru honest and fair investigative work -- The Politicization of the Media -- Corrupt voting process in this modern technological age -- The divided Political climate driving further division of America -- Our loss of Faith and the level it guides our government and the notation we are One Nation Under God.
UNEQUAL TAXATION.
entitlement, people who think the deserve something without working for it
Covid-19 management is number 1, followed closely by environmental protections and mitigating climate change.
Human dignity in race relations
racism and financial disappropriation
Economy. Rioting and ProtestNews Media
COVIDDivided americans
Government oversight
We need to put Christ and God first in our lives and realize we cannot keep on looking for a political solution to a spiritual problem.
People are divided
Racial divide people either don.’t understand the needs and concerns of races other than their own
we need to ecome a united society. currently too much unrest & too divided.
racism and feelings against religion like moslems
the Police and other jobs.  If your a new hire you need to be careful what you say or what you do till you learn who not to upset.  Bosses need to switch things as schedules and such.  I'm talking about the younger PO's on duty w/ the officer that choked out Floyd.  U could tell they didn't agree but if disagreed their jobs would be on the line
The divide between the American people.
we try to get rid of racism but promote it everywhere
PEACE..... people don't realize that Jehovah God is the only one that can bring true peace and security for all.  He is the one that deserves our vote as king, after all he created all of us and we should be grateful to him.  if we all served him it could be like it was in the beginning when Adam and eve lived in the garden of Eden.  what a life we all would be living.
Joe Biden and the Democratic party
Covid 19 and people dying from it
The control of Covid. The numbers need to come down and find a way to work with our new normal
Covid and economy
the corona virus
Climate change / global warming and species extinctions - the collapsing of our ecosystems and planet's biomes.
growing wealth gap. Unaffordable education. Women's right to choose. women hygiene products being over priced. a media that is only there to divide. social media. politicains who have no clue who the working class are.
Racism, COVID-19
Election fraud must be addressed and prosecuted in order for our country to continue as a democratic republic.
the divide between political parties
no other comment
handling of Covid - 19
The most important problem facing the country now is how to reunite both sides of the political system so they can work together for the common welfare.
Fake news, people not realizing social media and journalism is not good any more
getting back to precovid
National Debt growing and we keep spending exorbitantly.  We just went through an election cycle and little if anything was mentioned about the issue.
covid response
climate change
the US moving toward socialism
Providing affordable Health care, for all citizen.
Climate change and loss of ecosystems which keep our planet livable.
claro unemployment
-9
-9
Covid 19 and finding a cure! Restoring our economy
Political unrest.
Socialism and the impacts it could have on our system long term
-9
covid19, immagration
Law and order       Covid 19      Small business support    China    Mob violence
Covid-19.
Defunding the Police.
Leadership, career politicians and their tentacles, race (hint - we are all being duped...its a means of division people.... COME ON)
Division/not acceptance of diversity
relinquishment of world leadership role
politicians being honest, &  working for the people and getting together.
The division between super rich and middle/lower middle class; affordable health coverage; the entitlement that is expected to be provided from government; increasing taxes
I think the division between the extreme left and right is a serious problem which creates lot of issues throughout the US.
Economic disparity, "culture wars," public health
COVID-19 pandemic reponse.
division people need to grt along with each other
racism
politicians are more concerned about the image their base sees that they refuse to deviate from what they expect even if it’s the right thing to do.
The Pandemic has created a mess with loss of jobs, people losing their homes, lack of food.  Before this our country was having a bustling economy.
Systemic Racism.
polititians are betting and prioritizing other countries before the US.
security which impacts mobs, drug activity, child trafficing
Racial Inequality
COVID-19 running rampant, with many deaths and having a devastating impact on the economy
Racism. We're all the same people, we're all gods creatures, we've got to leanr how to get along and treat everyone fairly and the same. There should not be in politics especially, no back, red, yellow etc. just people doing their job. And for some reason we've gotten away from that.
COVID-19 Pandemic
Covid pandemic, racial injustice, economy helping the rich only, affordable and accessible healthcare, immigration injustice, job security and accessibility, climate challenges, energy options, foreign relations
Covid19 Pandemic
socialism is becoming a more desirable method to many in this country
La Pandemia covi19, la Economia, Servicios de Asistencia publica, Empleos entre otros etc.
Covid 19. People failed to listen to President Trump when he said it was "all political". What he meant by that was that the media was creating mass hysteria for nothing. Covid 19 is a virus like another strand of flu. It will never go away. We do not shut down the Nation every year over the flu and we do not start a nationwide panic over it every year either. Since this was an election year and this was an extremely deadly strand like the asian flu and the swine flu they made it a huge issue they made it "political" and created mass hysteria.
divisiveness and lack of collaboration and respect for other people/differing views
i believe the economy since covid started many bussiness had to shut down
Covid19 It needs to be taken more seriously with too many people together especially without masks
Racial tensions and COVID
The bitterness between the two parties.
The ongoing attempts of the PRC to impose its will and crush freedom worldwide
health problems with no medical insurance and loss of jobs and high cost of living
socialism, could lead to problems
Not Unified so instead of Proud to ve an American theres major division.
race, division, uncertain future, firearm, healthcare, supremecourt very political, congress is very divided no compromise our place in the world, we lost the respect of the world, immigration how the ice treated   the people,and more
the assault on the constitution/ democratic process
Media Bias, Big Tech Censorship, No accountability for wrong actions of Politicians, BLM & Antifa, Socialitist Marxist
coronavirus, political division, racism, police brutality
becoming a socialist government
Division of ideals causing lashing out
Lack of Leadership
Climate change, political gridlock, public school education, absence of balance media
Threat of socialism/communism.
Covid Control/Response
socially divided
Education! Bring back cursive and more help for struggling students.Welfare system- is out of controlMin. wage- its to lowIllegal' immigrants- we need to get a handle on this.
healthcare, world policy
the covid pandemic
Covid 19 and the economy
Right now, peaceful transition of power in order to maintain our democracy; COVID-19 pandemic; economy and job losses; fixing healthcare; climate crisis.
Trump and the GOP
health care , social justice and fair wages
Misleading media, imigration
fraud with electionfear being instilled into everyone
Racism, division of our country, unsafe government, and country. our now president need our country to get back to normal
Infiltration of the justice system by right wing conservatives.
Division of the parties
covid, guns, economy, and opression
Hyper partisanship masking the most corrupt administration in my lifetime.  Total political gridlock results in short-term focus on winning vs. doing what is needed for the country.  The COVID-19 crisis is bound up in all of this, while the fiscal issues are being ignored.  The environment is suffering while major polluters get what they want from the corrupt administration.  Health insurance may take a major blow while there is no back-up plan if the Supreme Court throws out the ACA.  Meanwhile, President the Donald seems to be in a fantasy land where he can simply declare himself the winner.
the police killing black people instead of finding a different alternative that does not result in the loss of life. racism. no covid plan from the leadership of this country.
The most important problem is getting the pandemic under control and repair the damage it cause to health and well being, economy, and political divisions.
covid pandemic, healthcare coverage, poverty
Taking care of our own!!!!!!! And then worry about others.
everything especially the way the americans are getting treated and our current president trump
Living in a delusional false reality.
COVID-19 AND HOW IT'S BEING HANDLED
covid 19 - urgent issue
pandemic control
Gaining unity and losing polarization
Lack of respect for law and order
Pandemic. I hope they get that shot for it.
Covid, the pandemic
I believe the unity of the country is important.
racism, bigotry, ignorance, big business, Healthcare, police brutality,
Covid 19, unemployment, and racial division.
illegal immigrants pouring into the USA
right now covid19
Divisiveness; there is no bipartisanship anymore. The breakdown of the family structure has deteriorated rapidly. Too many kids are growing up in broken homes.
covid-19 is taking over the whole world
Stollen POTUS and House/Senate elections.
Nationalities living in our country that has the single purpose of taking over. Who say they are of another religion who are actually a political organization . They are embedded in our government.We are not paying enough attention to what they are doing. America will be lost from within.
election fraud, over taxed, Bidens agenda
Division of the people along political lines (democrat/republican)Racism and sexismClimate changeLack of a federal response to covid-19The laws and tax loopholes are there for the richest to give them an unfair advantage
Global warming, COVID19, Prison Industrial Complex/Police Brutality, Me Too movement and equality for all people regardless of race, sex, sexuality, gender identity, etc.
Racism and increasing wealth gap
COVID-19 and trying to get it under control.
economy, avoiding shutdowns
getting trump out of office for the death lf so many people and tearing the country apart.
polarization because of news materializm
panademic virus
Communication: no accountability for root of subject matter, facts, etc
poverty and homeless vets
lack of rationalization
Division and pandemic
COVID and the economy.
COVID is the most important problem.  We need that  vaccine...
Covid, The Economy and jobs, Racism, Raking care of our Veterans, Mental Health, Healthcare amongst others.
Illegal immigrants
economy. pandemic is hurting business from the producer to the consumer. as business suffers so does the employee. it is a trickle down affect and end result is not good
COVID-19  IS CAUSING GREAT PAIN, CHANGING THE WAY WE LIVE AND SEEMS TO BE CAUSING FEAR, DISTRUST AND DIVISION AMONG AMERICANS BECAUSE OF YHE WAY IT HAS BEEN DEALT WITH.
-1
-9
pandemic people not listening
Corona problem
covid 19 bad politicians
-5
Division within the population
abuse of women and children
Economic...Economics...EconomicsI do not care about anything but the ECONOMICS!!!
COVID-19 pandemic. This administration has let it get out of control. Too many people have been affected by this virus.
gun control. we have enough laws already.  enforce what we have
Trump getting re-elected.He will protect our country and protect our liberities!
Inequality. Wages, health care, education
I think everyone is starting to become against eachother, between the virus and between white and people of color not coming together.
DIVISION! We have forgotten it is okay to be different and are very judgemental of others who do not share our beliefs/cultures/etc. If we don't figure out how to work out something with the best benefit possible for all, we will get nothing accomplished and stay in this quigmire!
Covid, racial division, environmental concerns, education,
virus, jobs, economy,
Gun control, racism, healthcare
covid 19,  until this is over,  small businesses will continue to fail, unemployment rates will continue to rise
mostly the covin viris, and the economy. I belive that the key is the vaccine.
virus  eco  social unrest
monopolized media conglomerates
race relations. we are to divided, we need to recognize that we are all americans and we all need to be treated equally.
people not getting there way and overreacting
Severe division
low to no gun control
racism and our freedom of speech
THE PROGRESSIVE LEFT MEDIA, POLITICIANS AND POWER BROKERS
no
Pandemic, Free medical coverage, forgiving student loans, and needing to save  social security.
no i do care
Democrats and Covid-19
benign Neglect in black neighborhoods
International relations
Family Values, hate, not finding common ground between conservatives and liberals. Corruption amongst polititians. Identity politics.
polarization of the population--lack of tolerance and compromise
Lack of interest in fact-based decision-making.
the country is deeply divided
Getting a handle of the Covid Virus and getting rid of Trump.
Covid-19Social SecurityHealth careJobs
The national debt.  We are just under the amount that was accumulated after WWII and that took about 30 years to get back down to a low number.  We need to chill out on spending money we don't have as a country.
COVID-19 and how it is killing people and devastating the economy
Covid 19 and economy
1. COVID-19 2. Health Care/Health Insurance System3. Student Loan crisis4. Division between left and right
LobbyistsBig Business controlling politics and mediaConsolidation of wealth by the richMaintaining a strong and flexible military force Using the military for economic gain (constant warfare)
To much religion
people are too sensitive and rely on the government to take care of them
Drugs, child abuse, suicide rate, poverty
Healthcare, economic justice, social justice, infrastructure, global warming.
Corona virus pandemic. It is threatening our health and economy. It has been mishandled and has resulted in hundreds of thousands of deaths.
covid and socialism
Wealth disparity (wages, homes unaffordable, lack of access to health care)
health care, racism, lbgtq
covid-19 finding a vaccine and everyone wearing amask
Covid 19 is my primary concern with a drastic recent rise in new cases.
Corona virus.  Mask no mask, open or shut down...etc
unity...democrats & republicans coming together. Hate for police
voter fraud. and corona virus lock downs
extreme division in goverment and a total lack in interest to try to work towards common goals to heal that division.getting trump out of office so progress can be made in many areas the will help Americans and the rest of the world.the envirorment and global warming.reduction in fossil fuels.
COVID-19 Pandemic
That huge populations in liberal cities sway the votes versus 95% of the rest of the counties in the country being conservative.
controlling the Covid-19
Democrats. Mainstream media. BLM/Antifa.
Re-opening businesses and schools.
racism, living costs
COVID-19 NEED TO GET IT UNDER CONTROL
untrustworthy leadership
The health and economic concerns due to pandemic and it's effects.
immigration, keep our borders closed.
the media and the political parties who dont care about the working person
the economy and the pandemic
Climate change, pandemic containment, inequality in wages and opportunities
inequality among race, sex, gender, etc
COVID-19 pandemic
-9
Lack of understanding of/empathy for Trump supporters. Seems like there is a strong current of unhappiness that is manifesting in even unhappier ways (racism, violence, attempts to undermine democracy). Lack of understanding of/belief in science, which is resulting in failure to stem COVID-19 and is destroying our environment.
no honesty in news.
covid-19 not enough people take it seriously
Social Unrest=  All Lives MatterThe RepublicansIgnorance
Socialism / Communism being embraced as a replacement for Capitalism
Student Loans, Healthcare
violence when groups do not get their way
election fraud that destroys the foundation of USA
COVID no cure to many deaths
Socialism. It can turn into communism.
People need to live their lives and stop making a big deal of everything. People make a single problem way worse through the media. Covid, Environment, protesting, Healthcare
Election Fraud and Chinese influences worldwide
n/a
Lack of good , sincere leadership
climate change, health care, covid virus
disease and riots
getting pandemic under control
Jobs
socialism
Illegal immigration, voting fraud
The Pandemic and disaster responseSocial UnrestEconomy
Immigration, crime, politicians and the media
Racism , Gun Hungry Policemen , Covid , Jobs , Affordable Housing , Social Security Processing , Crime
Trump’s horrible handling of his job and responsibilities - corona virus, prejudice, etc., etc.
covid,unemployment
Covid-It adversely affects everyone and everything.
raceism  there should be same  things for all
-9
The ridiculous cost of Health care, prescriptions and insurance.
divisive issues, inconsistent tax code, growing COVID concerns, widening wage gap, student loan debt crisis
arguing among them selves instead of taking care of the american public
Hate of one group to another. This country is so divided it will be very hard to bring back.
the riots going on. people wanting the police defunded. no stimulus being passed and people losi g homes and jobs
The government response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been a disaster.
Covid-19Division among peopleHatePolice Shootings
The mental illness that is the right's undying, uncompromising support for Donald Trump.
climate change and environmental protection
The socialist/progressive movement that the biden/harris ticket are tied to.
Joe Biden and his Liberal socialist party and the agenda for this country
Political hatred, money in politics, abortion, economy, weakened alliances
The trend towards socialism, immigration, and the lack of respect for the law enforcement
covid as a small business owner i fear not surviving
The covid 19 virus is out of hand right now I'm hoping that these damn people get a
Climate Change, Erosion of our Democratic institutions, Corruption and Social/Economic/Racial Inequality, Police Violence and Anti-Blackness, Capitalism run-amok, underfunding of education
health and economy
Identity PoliticsDivisive Politics - attempt to run the country from the Far Left and Far RightCrooked & out of touch politicians$27 Trillion of debtHealth Care
COVID. We need to slow the spread so that we can operate normally again (in that order). This will boost the economy and allow schools to reopen safely (two more big topics that are follow from stopping the pandemic).The environment, we need to reinstate regulations that have been revoked/unenforced by the Trump administration. Similarly, we need to invest in green energy. This initiative will create jobs.Homelessness, we need more no-strings-attached ways to house homeless and help them get back on their feet.
economics,  stock market
Corruption of government agencies seemingly supported by Democrats
Democrats stealing the 2020 election. Just their latest (and biggest) assault upon The Constitutional Republic of The United States of America.
covid 19 has taken over.Stores have not much food most of the white people are racist and most police officers too
Division among Democrats and Republican, social problems (BLM, #MeToo, Immigration).
Global warming/Too much money in politics/Jerrymandering/voter suppression.
covid 19, economy, unemployment
Greatest problem after Trump defeat is getting Mitch McConnell out of power in senate.
No respect of each other
Economy and employment, merit-based admission, equal opportunities, traditional values
Racial injustice
An economy that doesn't work for everyone
Racial and financial inequality
not sure Police brutality, and Covid
COVID-19 pandemic, gun violence, riots
CoronavirusTrust on the world stageClimate Change
Covid-19Wage gapRacial equality
the Racial divide
hidden agendas and morals are devalued
Covice 19 , when I first heard of it , I though I will not survive this disease and that has not changed !
Divisiveness; racism; wealth inequality.
Extreme political polarization
Progressivism, democratic socialism, critical race theory
corruptionignorance
-9
covid-19 is a worldwide pandemic killing people
COVID uncertainties.  Will people keep jobs and small businesses stay in business.  Kids need to attend school.
systemic racism
Economy...always the top concern. If it tanks we all go down
blind faith in rumors and not trusting science
economic stability
COVID-19. It's just the fact that we're waiting for a vaccine and everybody being on the same page.
parties are selfish, not enough cooperation & getting stuff done
Covid 19 pandemic
COVID, Unemployment, Social Security, Health Care
covid 19 and social distancing school being out and job stability
division among americans
Covid Pandemic causing mass deaths loss of jobs, and having to close schools and businesses.
our freedomw and liberty is being slowly stolen day by day
CovidEconomyImmigrationGlobal WarmingOur Leadership in DCTexas Leadership
economy is suffering because trump doesnt know how to run a country properly
COVID 19. not sure how bad its gonna get
COVID 19 Pandemic
covid-19—people out of jobs, no income to pay bills and most of all feed their families.
Federal debt/economy
How the current president has made a mockery of Democracy.
Main stream media censorship and bias.
COVID-19 both for the sake of peoples' health and how it is affecting their livelihoods.
health careracesizm
Covid. It must be better controlled
the deep state doing everything to subvert the current administration
immigration homeless
joe biden and all democrats do not care about america like President Trump and Republicans do
Truth. Living by the “Golden Rule”
DISEASE-PERSONAL HEALTH
Fixing the divide created by Trump
systemic racism against blacks, and rich verus poor
country is so dividedp
attempts to introduce socialism, the pandemic, government officials that only are there for thier personal agenda and not represent the public that voted them in.
Unity, the economy, and COVID-19
war  Finance jobs elderly people
nana
Social unrest in the large cities. Theft is not protest.
i think the first issue is the polarization of people and division. we cannot solve the problems we're facing when people are unwilling to listen and learn or meet in the middle. Next I would say not prioritizing education. Then the systemic discrimination of minorities that perpetuates poverty and other problems. Greed is another main issue: protecting pocket books over people. Big business influencing politics is another main issue. Now that I think about it the environment and global warming should go near the top of the list. The idea that we cannot trust the press or science is also a scary issue that we face.
corona virus pandemic
racism, inequality, taxes
Pandemic, economy, division, unemployment, federal relief package
race and poor people
Due to COVID, the economy will certainly is/be a problem. Child welfare needs help, parents should not get as many chances as they do to continue keeping their children in and out of the system. There needs to be more assistance with mental illness to help assist with welfare and homelessness.
Covid19, Republican refusal (cowardice) to stand up to Trump, Trump’s determination to undermine democracy.
socialism definding the police
Dealing with Covid-19 and Trump's refusal to concede
racism, truth in media reporting
Debt in the long runTenure in the education systemPoor education protected by the teacher's unionsThe threat of globalism sponsored by George Soras and company
Getting the COVID pandemic under control
National Debt.  If our economy struggles or collapses no other issue will matter.  We would not be able to pay for it.
POLITICAL DIVISIONS
Racisim. Blacks not treated equally
Political extremism and the inability to find common ground on both ends of the spectrum, but particularly on the right.
immigration, racism
self centered leader
political gains
Joe Biden and his liberal views, Kamala is worse.  Election fraud is a huge issue we need to fix in this country and clean it up. China and our economy. Joe's foreign policies and stacking the supreme court, too many issues to name but these are all very troublesome.
How the people have been divided due to the COVID-19 problem and the way the information will be contradicted in one form or another.
Healthcare, by far
-9
covid. not talking it seriously. it did not have to get this bad
government corruption
division and high taxes
Covid/Pandemic; lack of national response; failure to put country on adequate footing to fight what really is a war against the virus; lack of coordination; failure to follow the science and scientists' recommendations
systemic racism in all segment of society
reverse discrimination
Segregation/racism, socialism, veterans admin, small business funding, rampant low education
COVID-19, the economy, equal rights
Covid-19
keeping small businesses from failing during the pandemic
handling the virus, health care
1.RACISM>IF WE STOP THIS...OUR FUTURE IS VERY BRIGHT. 2. TRUTH>POLITICIAN MUST BE DEMANDED TO SPEAK "TRUTH" TO THE PUBLIC.
devicive attitudes of us vs them
Liberal Democrats
Econonomic recovery
eradicating COVID
Taxes
ECONOMICS,JOBS,IMMIGRANTS,ABORTIONS,CHOICE OF RELIGION,FREEDOM,HONESTY OF LEADERS,POLICE PROTECTION
Morality. Country things good is bad and bad is good.  We are losing our moral compass.
b.t.w., [REDACTED REPRESENTATIVE] is not my Rep., [REDACTED REPRESENTATIVE] is.  But I'm on both their lists, and they both do a very good job with Constituents.  Love [REDACTED REPRESENTATIVE] wit and smarts.  Has informed us VERY well re COVID, as [REDACTED REPRESENTATIVE] has in her own way with online and phone Townhalls, etc.  ///  COVID is the main problem, esp. since Trump escalated the problem yugely!Healthcare overall. Economic equity. Etc......
us manufactoring
Loss of confidence in honest, fair electionsErosion in constitutional rightsCorruption in government
covid19 , economic probles
Coronavirus, economy, education, equality, international relations
hate and divided
I believe there are too many Americans who are uneducated in the way our country runs.
Polarization of the people - if we do not come together to find common ground on which to fix our vast and underlying systemic problems - racism, unfettered capitalism, an unbalanced and unfair economy, social injustices, climate change/environmental protections, homelessness, healthcare access and affordability for all, and more - then I fear for the future of not only our country but of our species.
-1
la pandemia covid 19
The country is currently fighting the current pandemic.
Left wing socialist Democrats
COVID-19 needs to be cured.
the push for socialism.
-9
Exposing and abolishing the fraud in our recent election for president.
there are to many to name
CovidElection Integrity
Illegal Immigrations
covid-19, economy
coronavirus being out of control
COVID19 Pandemic, Economy, Racial Equality, Equal Opportunity, Environmental Protection, World Civil Order
people with high positions being greedy and selfish
climate control. NO FRACKING! infectious diseases.
1.  COVID2.  For a first world country, we're poorly run at the federal and local levels3.  Hate or division (i.e. liberals vs. conservatives, BLMs vs. police, etc)4.  Homelessness
covid affecting economy
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, OUTSOURCED BUSINESSES/PRODUCTS, COVID-19
Racism. People have been enabled to be more open about being racist. Because of Trump not condemning it, they think it’s “okay” to be racist.
Country is Divided and nothing was being done with all the rioting and looting. Nobody was held accountable for it.
oil and gas issues
Corona Virus infection, sickness, suffering and deaths
Racial Divide under Donald Trump
that half our government is not interested in governing at all and is more interested in a privately funded coup on behalf of the corrupt and subversive democrats that have enacted a decades long plan to brainwash and deceive the american people. their entire platform is to eliminate opposing viewpoints and chip away at our constitutional rights
China making too many good needed in America
culture wars(alternative facts)
democrats trying to ruin america and them trying to ruin trump for exposing the lies.
-Covid recovery-student debt; future for young in economy-disruption of justice depart autonomy
Government Spending
seperation and social health
COVID19 pandemic, social inequalities, healthcare costs, education costs.
jobs.  division between our country
China,Immagration. Right now the Pandemic.
covid virus and the injections
Disunity -there seem to be two distinct groups of people who are living in different universes which have a huge gap between them - disunity also covers racial justice and lack of understanding that we are all one people, one human race and all need to be treated with dignity and justice.
Covid-19UnemploymentEducationHomelessness
debt  how to pay off
Medical insurance, employment, imagrints
economy to many people out of work due to covid
The most important problem facing this Country now is the divisiveness
climate change, nationalism
Controlling the pandemic.
the way people treat their fellow man
pandemic making the economy suffer
covid 19 is one of the biggest problems
pandemic, immigration, economics, threat of socialistic government
Abortion, Liberalism, Social injustice, Disrespect of Police
the devide in the country
Covid, need to get vaccine, people to get on the same page
wealth inequality
national debt
pandemic and leaders not taking it seriously
Pandemic out of control, need more discipline in maintaining social distancing and wearing face masks.
Political division and politician's elitist mentalities (BOTH parties); politicians "feeding" the  us versus them division in the country rather than bringing Americans together; economic and educational disparities; government choosing winners and losers too much, which has become very evident in the COVID problem, which is a symptom of a government that is too large and invasive.
Lack of honor and integrity.
COVID-19 & RACIAL INJUSTICE
The division of our country is huge and so many people are suffering, we need leadership to work together and make some law changes for the injustices of the black community.
pandemic dragging economy down. Small business owners struggling.
The rising rates of deaths from COVID, and the overall COVID crisis are huge issues in this country. The people in power are not taking this situation seriously. I think racism is a huge issue in this country as well, due to Donald Trump refusing to condemn hate groups or white supremacist groups. He is also pushing hate speech towards minority groups, which makes racists feel comfortable spewing hate speech too.
Disconnection (a house divided) and Globalism.Too many thieves and crooks running the show
Diminishment in and continued dropping of American cultural confidence
-9
covid, incompetent politicians, dishonest politicians, immigration
Election honesty and security
wealth disparity
National Debt is a major long term problem and it is getting worse and worse.  COVID will go away with science and patience.  The Debt will cripple our kids.
Trade with China and their growing economy
-1
COVID; climate change; changing our energy into more wind/solar based, less gas; mental health care; healthcare; the division between the wealthy and the middle/lower class.
Pandemic (In US & world wide)political system (two-party sys. & only wealthy can campaign) increasing potential for sabotage by extreme groups (aka domestic terrorism)Rising cost of living, have you seen how much a used car costs these days!?
CONGRESS - most are self serving LIARS who don't care about the USA
Covid response, climate change, economy
growing the economy out of this pandemic and getting people back to work. theres also seems to be a disconnect between our elected officials and the people they represent.
containment of covid, as well as a vaxxine and strong leadership to combat it
poor economy and too much government spending
COVID-19 AND THE ECONOMY
unemployemt
The economy and COVID
I think the most important problem now is the integrity of the voting system, and the possibility of a stolen election and leftist take over of government.
Keeping the economy out of recession so good jobs are available
covid pandemic
Republicans, the Trump White House, COVID, unemployment, climate change, lack of affordable health insurance, income inequality, white supremacy, racism, xenophobia
Poverty due to covid & unemployment, ppl falling off the unemployment rolls, not qualifying for relief, not being processed for or receiving relief, starving & being threatened with homelessness during a winter pandemic, while Congress goes home to their turkey dinners.
Covid19 because of the leadership in this country
COVID - there is a pandemic.
un employmentthe coronis19 virus
the great divide of our political parties.
Unemployment
Covid, i know this disease is real, however, the flu, and many other diseases kill people everyday.  i feel if it were not a presidential election year and for the media blowing it up we would never have heard of it
total disregard for honesty
racism, economy
THE GOVERNMENT FORCING THEIR WAY INTO AMERICANS WAY OF LIFE.  CAUSING THE PUBLIC TO DEPEND ON GOVERNMENT.
racism.   keeping minorities from their rights.
Covid, we've got to get serious and address the pandemic.  It's affecting everything else -- education, health care, the economy, etc.
healthcare, fake news,
Covid-19 and how it exposed the weak seams of American infrastructure in so many facets. And frankly, the fact that nearly half the country voted for a racist. There's too much division and not enough trust in science. Anti-maskers are killing the economy, stunting children's psyches, and setting us back because "freedumb."
our representatives are more concerned with staying in power than address any issue. we are too busy trying to beat the other guy instead of discussing root causes, coming to compromises. Also, there is less and less value put on real understanding and critical reasoning - too much pride in one's ignorance.
people suffering economically from coronavirus impacts
economy, threat of socialism
socialism
The unwillingness of American public to check facts that they like.The continued existence of "News sources" which are not held accountable for statements which are provably untrue. Opinion cannot be allowed to contradict fact without consequence, and an admission of error should have as much screen time and screen presence as the untrue statement.  Without accountability to truth of the news media, any sort of radicalization is possible.Short term problem as a whole, Covid19 and unwillingness of people to take measures to reduce the rate of geometric growth.General unwillingness of people to look at problems in the future.
covid and they way it is being controlled
Social injustice
covid 19 isnt so great
Jobs- lack of blue collar jobs in diverse locations that allow people to settle, plan a future, raise a family, own a home.
Race relations easily. U.S Propaganda arms such as FOX and CNN etc (FAKE NEWS). Loss of identity. Globalization.
the disappearance of the middle class, disparity between top and lower socioeconomic classesracial tension and fear from being different either ethnically, religiously, or for sexual preferencethe lack of belief of Trump followers about the legitimacy of the Coronavirus, truly feel it will lead us down a path of more separation and many more American deaths
The VirusEconomyClimate
LACK OF MORAL AND VALUES
Donald Trump, Republicans, police brutality, racism, COVID
1. President Trump
COVID pandamic
race relations
COVID-19, Economic, Hard to find a jobs for 50 age and up
Keeping our Democracy
imegrasion bandolismo drogadision alcolismo y virus
-9
our economy.  people lost jobs, their apartments and homes and I believe, it is going to get, worse in the near future.
corupt goverment
el racismo la discriminacion por ser hispano
Covid, economy, foreign affairs
Getting the Pandemic under control.
We are an international joke.Our health care and health insurance don't meet the need.Environmental degradation of the natural environment.Emissions, fracking, plastic use.
The divide, hatred
pandemic is effecting many lives, death, and or effecting jobs
People are too polarized right now.  There is a strong "us vs them" mentality.
Dishonesty in the 2020 election
wealth difference, education, healthcare.
the election
people need to get along and stop hurting each other. we need unity in this country and quickly.
The Pandemic - we need to listen to the CDC and Dr Faucci to eliminate this problem
pandemic.  we need a way to halt this virus before alot more people die.
Economy, Pandemic
-1
immigration
-9
Political corruption, division and lack of leadership
Lock downs, keeping people from working and traveling.
Controlling the Pandemic
Covid-19, Climate Change, Equal Rights for Blacks and LGBTQIA, immigrants, and Indigenous peoples
covid and racism white supremecy
-1
How everyone is being divided into groups and attacking each other.
COVID 19, Potential Jobs, Foreign Affiars
Right now unity as one nation, the last 4 years have polarzied us so dramatically.
Racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, xenophobia, ableism, white supremecy, gun violence, police brutality, to name a few
division separtion
health care, unemployment, race division, corruption, division of wealth
Response to Covid-19; Immigration Reform; Black Lives Matter; Working with Law Enforcement for a better understanding of Mental Health issues.
systemic racism
locking people up too long for drug crimes
THE MEDIA IS LYING, & that is going to come back to hunt them if we loose freedom of speech with the democratic party.
president trump and lindsey graham
healthcare social security
COVID
Election Fraud, Media Bias, Covid-19
discrimination, racial injustice
-9
TrumpismDenial of factsRacismClimate change
CovidPovertyUnemployment
coronavirus health economics problem
ballot fraud   statistical anomolies
WE NEED TO FOCUS ON COVID RIGHT NOW
covids effect on small business
-1
The fraudulent presidential election.ChinaEconomyRadical leftist groups such as Black Lives Matter and AntifaThe future of our country under Joe Biden scares the hell out of me
Biden as our president
NATIONALISM  RELIGION  LACK OF COMPROMISE  GOVERMENT NEEDS TO GOVERNYOU CANT NOT DO THIS WITHOUT COMPROMISE   NO ONE GETS EVERYTHING   EVERYONEGETS SOMETHING   GET RIDE OF THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE AND MAKE ELECTIONS THE POPULAR VOTE
La pandemia covid_19
unemployment....covid-19 and it’s restrictions for working jobs and keeping jobs where peoplemust work ....away from their home ....” brick and mortar facilities” and are not permitted by lawor otherwise to do so.Many businesses will never reopen .....creating more long range problems and more poverty in the US.
unity. too many people with opposite radical far right or far left views.
The economy. Stop lockdowns.
-9
Controlling the spread of Covid 19.  Once we control the spread of the virus, life as "usual" can slowly begin to return.
Covid PandemicHealthcareEconomyClimate change
Trump is trying to make this country Great. But democrats giving him a lot problems. Their program is weird.  I don't like legalization of narcotics,  having kids sex classes. Inventing a lot of vaccine. and more.
idk idk
NO one does much of anything
Big Goverment, too much control. Locking down businesses
Chinese domination.
right now our crumbling economy needs to be fixed. we need to open the coubtry back up
racial divide between the white and other groups
racial injustice, covid, jobs, no money
removing God from our country
I THINK CHINA AND DEM PARTY ARE IN BED TOGHTER
covid-19- stopping the spead of. Also who it has negatively affected so many financially
Woman rightsLGBT acceptancePolice brutality
pandemic
division between all people, color, poor vs rich, dem vs rep
Donald Trump - he has and continues to try to destroy our democracy.
el covid 19mientras no se detenga el virus seguirá creando despidos en los trabajos..
coronavirus vaccine and doing recommendations of social distance and mask wearing.  also all the businesses its has effected
Covid.  We need to get it under control.
health, cov19
number one is covid pandemic
COVID.   Trump court appointments (Federal and Supreme).
Covet 19, the virus that is killing an American every 30 sec
Ungodly abortion statistics, the sanctity of marriage and the breakdown of family and values,
The corrupt Democrat machine is trying to steal this election from President Trump, and what's worse is that the mainstream media has sided with them and refuses to cover or acknowledge what is happening.
fair elections. protecting our borders.
The division between Americans if no changed, I feel will tear down this country. We must become what our country is called. The United States of America!
The United States is grossly divided by politics and racism
the division of the people and the lying and one-side bs of the media
increase in socialist views
Corruption at State and Federal level RE Election fraud.  Increased reliance on government via social assistance programs, lack of transperancy at Federal level, and lifetime politician and lack of term limits.
Democrats and Socialists and AOC
Climate Warming
COVID-19 vaccine being distributed to the most vulnerable asap
the Covid-19 pandemic
Equity in education opportunities for minorities and the poor in our society.
the government officials trying too control the people
covirt 19 so many people are dieing fromis virus
Division between Americans. Hating the 'other' guys.
cyber security, pandemic
The division and damage done by Donald Trump
Socio-economic disparities
homelessness, hunger, crime, violence etc
coronavirus
Socialism, Healthcare, Financial
COVID, Economy, Gun Violence, Religion
division of the country
Elections They have to set a standard rule and keep track of people at voting poles. More  the way it was in the 1940's.
racists
economy border defunding the police
covid and business
The media and their agendas.
Good Insurance
Divisiveness
Poor political decisions
the way covid is being managed...there is more to it that we dont know
The Coronavirus pandemic. The need for universal health care. The need for the 1% to be taxed. Jobs and the economy
Covid-19; Racism; Political Turmoil after election
Division, selfishness, hate
Covid 19 Pandemic seems to be #1 presently
Covid 19 and getting people to wear a mask and protect others and themselve
conrolling virus
government has to much powersocialismantifablmtaxes“free” anything
Kamala Harris as president when Joe Biden is ruled incompetent
THE LACK OF TOLERANCE FOR DIFFERENCES IN OPINION
Pandemic policing racial issues
civil unrest, illegal immigration, education
coronavirus pandemic killing thounsands every day
Wealth inequality and better education.
all the corruption in our Federal government and clear on down through the state level to cities government.
-9
Covid immunizations being produced and distributed in an effective manner for ALL our people
Healthcare, Racism, ICE having people in cages, Poor COVID control
-9
-1
COVID/Need stricter guideline and enforce them!!
racism and calling rights and wrongs
Turn back to God
RACE   JUSTICE//COVID / EQULITY SENIORS  HEALTH  / EDUCATION
People divisions.
Covid19/Economy/ Democrats refusal to work with those with opposing thoughts/
health care. i had insurance when i had [REDACTED HEALTH CONCERN] and still almost went bankrupt.
health care especially those who are farmers
Division of the country, outside influence via the internet creating issues, global warming, population size, fossil fuels
stupidity, greed,
Covid-19 Pandemic, Race Relations, Health Care, Livable Wages
The lack of transparency that surrounds the Davos annual meetings. The United Nations 17 Sustainability Goals should be openly disscuss with the people of the world.
-Democrats changing America-violence bejng tolerated by far left protesters- immigration if joe biden takes office
Keeping our military strong and prepared for any hostile country to take a hostile stance of aggression directed at the U.S.. Worrying and crying about how black lives matter. All lives matter. what happened then, we cannot be held accountable for what our ancestors and forefathers did back then.  And no, you are not entitled to any payment of monies for compensation, get over it and move on.
democrats
economy is poor
I THINK THIS PRESIDENT HAS TURNED FAMILIES AND FRIENDS INTO ENEMIES . HE HAS MADE AMERICA LOOK LIKE THE WORST PLACE ON EARTH TO LIVE , WHEN AMERICA WAS THE COUNTRY EVERYBODY WANTED TO LIVE .
division and hate between democrates and republicans. arguing and trying to beat each other.
Coronavirus pandemic
Trust in the government, Racial tensions, pandemic that is not being addressed properly, the rich getting richer while the poor are getting poorer, lack of unity and respect for each other.
Tribalism,  every group thinking that their group has faced greater injustices
covid & finding cure
covid-19 is biggest problem
Systematic Racism
COVID 19 AND UNEMPLOYMENT
Lack of empathy
The integrity of our elections.
Covid19.  It has taken over every aspect of American life.  It should have been identified and brought under control long before it was.
Controlling COVID
The money division. People have to have 2.5 jobs to afford an apartment in CA. It also impacts our health care, life style, our children and what we feed our minds and bodies
-1
black lives matter goups.  the “its all about me” population re: COVID
hateracism injustice
the way we are turning on each other within our own country...why fight amongst ourselves which all share this land...
too much political divide
COVID-19. It was not handled right to begin with so now we are dying at large rates.
The most important problem right now is covid 19.  We need to get this under control.
-1
covid race groups
covid pandemic, healthcare, student loan debt, economy
divisiveness, manipulation of information to sensationalize facts and encourage emotional responses instead of empirical understanding and consideration
General unethical and immoral behavior, self centered behavior at all levels. The fact that major leaders promote the idea that if a person wants something they can do anything they feel to get it, including lie, cheat, steal, and kill.
Economy and loss of jobs due to Covid.
the economy
Healthcare,  racism,
Covid-19: I believe that the restrictions put on the state are not strict enough. We need to be put into quarantine.
Shifting to Socialism
Pandemic - The virus is not under control with 10,000 new infections each day. Over 240,000 Americans have died already.
covid effect on economy
lack of unity with people getting along
the president, who to elect
covid - hospitals overwhelmed, no federa guidelines, no standard in comparing covid risk in different states if travel is needed
racism, immigration, and killings
covid and economy
Racisim, police brutality, poor leadership, lack of care and concern for americans.
social issues should come first and foremost. its my belief that if we were all better to each other then the rest of our issues would resolve themselves.
No togetherness. Past 4 years a complete breakdown in communication. Total seperation
Divisiveness,  President George Washington wrote an open public letter at the end of his last term warning against political parties becoming too involved in their priorities and overlooking the needs of the Nation.  He was correct, we have become to radical on each end of the political spectrum.  We need two parties but two parties willing to meet in the middle on controversial issues.
unfair newspapers & most media  extreme left democratics
Keeping the economy strong
The foremost "problem" of our time is climate change. I believe this is an issue affecting every single aspect of our lives.
high taxes
liberals sanctioning looting and riots toswaythe election,the socialist leanings of the democrats, the press attitude towards donald trumpfrom day one, being called a deplorable person because I didntagree withtheir politics
The most important problem is disrespect for authority.
corona Virus! affecting health care system. schools. economy
Environmental Policies/Problems
COVID, Inequity, Environmental issues, extreme divide and student loan debt.
-1
Covid and the economy in relation to the shut downs
economy, rigged elections,
Divisiveness of our country's leaders causing social unrest
too much hatred between the parties not allowing them to get things done.
income inequality, billionaires
Solving the Pandemic, Uniting the country, Re Establishing friendly relations with our national friends, Sepration of church and state,
PandemicHealthcareEconomy (related to the Pandemic)Racial Justice
No policies put in place to contain the spread of the Covid 19 virus. The Trump administration failed to warn of the seriousness of the virus and failed to advise the proper methods to contain the virus such as mask wearing and social distancing.
economy and unemployment
this
that currently ther is a man in office as president who is throwing a tantrum and fireing people, doesnt know how t9nget off Twitter and is too busy golfing.
The Virus and how to deal with it . Treating others with niceness , Stop Bully .
there covid-19 epidemic
I feel like Trump has demolished the progress we previously made against racism and divided our nation by dismissing obvious injustices and encouraging his supporters to do the same.
racial issues, the pandemic, and the economy.
access to health care
unemployment, people abusing welfare benefits, lack of support for the police
Economy-Keeping Medicare safe
political divison based on parties and people lacking in critical thinking.
economy, imigration.
Equality, the environment, the wealth gap
racism, covid, police brutality, reparations for black people, donald trump is terrible
The democrats, they are not the same as they used to be
Political Viewpoints
RACIAL  & COVID
Too much given to people that do not work
keeping economy up
A sense of entitlement among the people.
Coronavirus. It is killing over a thousand people a day and our federal and many state governments are taking no action, and sometimes spewing misinformation to make it worse.
Trust in elected officials in Washington DC. Bipartisan relations must immprove to help voters feel their votes are important.Law and order must be a priority. Administered fairly in all states.Less government in education.
Distrust in scientists, facts and reason due to poor education or selfishness.
jobs and rate of pay
Political Divide
Covid 19 vaccine
The division of the country when it comes to black lives matter and people who still support the police.
pandemic, econimic.
1. The so called elected president is not capable of leading this country2. Media does not report the whole picture3. The election process is not run as it should and it has a lot of corruption and cheating4. Social media companies are getting too powerful and with too much power.Etc
Covid 19 & economy
Covid, health care, poverty, racial equality
In my opinion, Dems refusing to work across the isle with Repbs. Dems are no longer for the people...Dems have become Socialists and will do whatever they have to do to erode our Democracy! Both Parties care more about financially enriching themselves. Neither Party has come up with an honest health plan, the Dems have no interest in controlling illegal person(s) into the USA. The "Green" cause in my opinion is a farce!!!
the covid virus is a real big problem
-1
Getting rid this COVID Getting our economy back in WORKING order
its alot of problems being faced !
Too much lying in politics
keeping the economy going, right to bear arms, social security, socialism
Covid death
Money In politics
Having a federal plan for the pandemicReforming Immigration, health care and the policeClimate changeRe-establishing relationships with our alliesSocial justice issues
Misinformation: According to a recent NPR/Ipsos poll, a staggering amount of Americans believe in conspiracy theories and mistruths about the pandemic and the election, among other topics. Systemic disinformation in the news, social media, and the White House are exacerbating existing problems with the social/political/economic climate of the nation. I think this continued misinformation is giving some groups the "proof" they think they have to back up their denial/bigotry that there are real issues in the nation.
liberals, antifa, nancy pelosi
Media, can't believe them. Congressional leaders are not giving the Country proper consideration in their actions. Wasting a lot of money. The Country is extremely divided in racial, religious, and political issues.
RACISM, HOMOPHOBIA
currently the biggest problem is this pandemic
Racism, healthcare,COVID, distribution of wealth, fair housing market
The election process! I’ve had to vote absentee in the past because of my job. This election for President was a scam. No I D, signatures that didn’t need to match, Votes deposited in the mail after election day? 100,000 votes for the same person in one area, and no votes for the opponent? C’mn Man!
homelessness and the wealth gap
Working Wages and Living Wages
We have moved away from a Christian foundation to secularism.
-9
people who are expecting things to be given to them without working for it lobbyists buying are government officials
socialists gaining more power, promising everything for free while leaving the borders wide open. Also, the deficit.
country has been divided, people are suffering and the violence has been out of control.  we are all human and there should be no difference between black, white, yellow, brown.  I have not seen anything like this for past decades.  this is horrible!
Covid-19 pandemic and economy.
there is a lot of hatered on both sides republicans and democrats alike and they refuse to work for the american people.
Racial Tension- black and brown people being treated unfair. Cops killing unarmed black people. Homeless issues, people with  mental issues not receiving care.
Violence & Bad attitudes
The economy and covid.
viruses. ZI want to be free to do the things I used to do before without restictions
Covid-19 is unchecked in this country, and our so-called President is doing nothing to mount a national response. We've known for months this was coming at this time, and here we are. It's depressing. I worry about the three months the orange nightmare has to do nothing about this, while Americans die.
need to get back to work
Divisive rhetoric from leaders
the way our elections are held. everyone should have voter ID
division, opposing opinions are very hostile
covid and whet its doing to our economy
poverty, drug use/abuse, and affordable education.
political and social unrest and division
covid 19 That is growing in the world
Not sure,
racism, wall street, corrupt politicians-trump and his crew of ass kissers, dirty police and judges.  lack of opportunities in the inner cities.  boarded up schools and buildings.  low paying jobs, transportation/white elite high schools.  b. devos.  cost of living, etc...
national security
i don't  know much about him
Coronavirus containment
equal opportunity
Over blowing the pandemic.
the destruction of America by socialist.
Unemployment & Hunger
The pandemic, the economy, the climate crisis
corona virus and environment protection
pandemic crisis
Covid Virus. the Pandemic is in its second wave. needs to be more consistency implementing safety protocol.
the move to the left of a major party and the Actions of the far left and far right when it comes to being violence
financial issuesCovid Pandemic
COVID19 and the handling of it, its running rampant
-9
covid, racial Justice, wage gap
we are a country divided like I’ve never seen between the Democrats and the Republicans.
Stopping the spread of covid
Poverty--too many people do not have access to what they need for a reasonable existence.
division in this country
covid, climate, race
Covid-19, killing people, causing as yet undiagnosable long-term illnesses, economic devastation
Socialism is a problem with respect in too much government for our country.
Covid-19, democracy in crisis, and extremism
The continued divisiveness that is occurring and the spread of misinformation and the echo chambers we seem to be devolving into
socialism, government control of the people.  Religious freedom
Conspiracy from within the government pertaining to international teroism
Voter Fraud and the "Squad"
Of course, it's COVID-19!!
COVID and healthcare. COVID is hurting americans and the economy. It is affecting many many people. helathcare is important right now and how COVID is being handled changes constantly
this country need to stop send jobs abroad, stop focusing on chep labour. and focus on thr american people
Separating immigrant families, climate change, lack of affordable health care, police reform, COVID-19
covid, and lockdowns, and death
legal murder of unborn children, political upheaval, protection of false accusers by feminist ideaologies
covid-19
Greed Of Money and Pedaphilia.
The horrible leadership and policies of the Trump Administration.
social injustice, drugs, abortion
Abortion. Abortion
Gevormet
Climate Change is the single greatest existential threat we face as both a nation and a species.
It will always be racism for me but I can honestly say that I hope to never have Covid ever again
We don't talk about what has made America great. We don't teach our children about Free Enterprise, the poverty that has been lifted through Capitalism and the amazing social gains that have been made just in the past 100 years here. We pretend to celebrate our differences but in reality we are so obsessed with them that they end up tearing us apart. We have let socialists and leftists go for so long unchecked that they are essentially running every important facet of America and there's almost no way to stop them at this point. We pretend that either political party has it's constituents best interests in mind.
Our foreign policy is weak for numerous reasons. Congress and various administrations have not reacted strongly enough to China, N. Korea, Iran, and Venezuela. Our current foreign policy is cluttered with remnants of previous adminstrations, and like the FBI have thwarted the President in protecting the country.
Covid pandemic right now
violence in our cities, BLM and Antifa
Environment, gun violence, police brutality and systemic racism
too many movements. too many feelings being hurt. the new president needs to focus
Election of the President and Covid
Economy. The economy has got so bad for everyone that I could see a depression coming soon.
the party first mentality that people like Nancy Pelosi are showing is the biggest issue.  If not for each party caring only about themselves and not the people they're supposed to represent we the people would have already gotten a second stimulus check and there wouldn't be so much fighting about how we're supposed to handle the coronavirus
People have the option not to follow guidelines.
Healthcare is too expensive and the price for it keeps increasing year after year.  the co-pays are too high as well
Biden very sick man
I feel that we have become a country of free ignorant people who fear moving forward.
corona virus, poverty
healthcare needs to be socialized
retirement benefits coronavirus uniting america
Justice, Covid justice, Racial justice,  Economic justice.
Climate change, racial inequality
Coroma 19over 12 million people have died. etc.  Frightening. Many citizes do not wear masls amd are even more vulnerable .
ECONOMY FAILING BECAUSE OF LOCKDOWNS DUE TO VIRUS
Oncoming socialism
VIRUS CURE ASAP
DIVISION AMONGST THE USCOVID/LACK OF HEALTHCARE AVAILABLEEDUCATION
Media which is bringing fear to the people more than facts.
racial equality, dealing with this pandemic, social security, taxes
covid 19 and immigration
Partisan Division, Climate, COVID-19, and Gun Violence
covid epidemic economy of the. nation
liberals
Communism , DEMOCRATIC PARTY
Big money making decisions in politics not he people. which makes lifetime politicians. there should be limit to service
Getting Covid-19 under control.
Trump's lack of concern for Covid 19
racism  to much police states
economy, jobs & health/wellbeing
1) Presidential Election Integrity: Democrats made us shameful that the USA could not organize an honest, fair, and transparent presidential election on Nov 3, 2020.2) Many state or lower courts are bought and paid to cover up for the election cheating.3)Most Supreme Court justices are coward, selfish, less moral to the point they don't even let the cases hearings happen. They care only their status quo and safety more than uphold the constitutional principles, which are their duty to do.
Political issues.
Division
racial injustice
Hatred among each otherCOVID
Economy, jobs, education, and drug addiction
coronavirus military injustice employment housing hardship
Returning to a sense of normalcy in government.
worls hunger, discrimination
The democrats agenda to illegally and fraudulently take over the country, impose socialism, and take away our freedoms.Moral decline
socialism, taking away American freedoms
Bias Main stream media giving false information and misleading people.  Totally tied to one political party. They mainly help influence the chaos and divide of what is going on in the country!  There needs to be accountability for the misinformation or lack of transparency.
china taking jobsabortion is appalling sin
The Pandemic and consecuently , the loss of lives and jobs ..... Inmigration ....
EXPLODING DEBT MAY GO INTO RECESSION
Honesty and integrity in Washington Politicians and the Press. You no longer can trust anything either group do, say or write. That is a bad place for a democracy to be.Social media and the very wealthy are getting too much power and control.The wealth is getting too concentrated in the very top percentile.
Democratic President Elect; Illegal aliens; drugs; crime; Social Security and Medicare funding
the virus and the presidency
Pandemic and the economy.
-9
The pandemic and our handling of the coronavirus (including the economics)
Corruption infiltrating and permeating our government.
Covid-19 vaccine is an important issue. I don't believe it should be mandated.
Racial division, erosion of middle class
democrat leadership
division. freedom.
poverty, no money no jobs living on the streets.
The division of pro-Trump vs non is so severe.  People don't listen to each other's points of view.
Covid 19Restoring trust in government
The greatest problem facing this country is Racism. The disparities in this country range from  from COVID to housing to business to education.
Pandemic - lack of national strategy. Inconsistent messaging from President Trump.
-9
false information spreading
Racism. Wealth divide
We're so divided.
The delusions of Trump supporters
pandemic. we must slow it down and I think Biden will make a good start. economy and I dont know how it can get better until pandemic more under control. also worry about the national debt for our children and grandchildren
imigration and Taxes
opening up our country
Unification of our citizenry.
Currently fair elections. But also obviously the of course the Chinese Covid 19 virus. There are problems, and I couldn't just say one.
Inequality/income disparity
The economy being destroyed by politicians trying to gain control. Taking away our rights.
right to bare arms for self defense, right to say a prayer in public, always watching out that you don't offend minorities, if you are not black or feeling opposed, you have no rights. Lying reporters and TV stations.
not working together for the best of the usa
racism bigotry classism all around 8
Securing voting rights and stopping voter disenfranchisement
Racism on how Whites treat people of color
Socialism will destroy us from within.
Finding a reliable vaccine for the Corona Virus.Controlling the spread of the birus to end the pandemic.Millions of people facing eviction in Jan of 2021. Millions of Americans still out of work .Immigration reform needs to happen in many different ways .
covid, lack of political unity, prevalence of racism, misinformation
COVID, the economy
economy and unemployment
Dealing with the Covid pandemic/ vaccinesEconomy, affordable healthcare for all Having Trade agreements beneficial to US
Covid 19, systemic racism, poverty, polarization, health care
Jobs, immigration, education
!. The Virus  2. Race relation
COVID, racial inequality
the government's response to covid
THE SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST TAKEOVER OF OUR COUNTRY!!!
socialism, it is a failure of US government
COVID-19-getting the infection rate down, finding a vaccine and helping those who have been hurt economically and emotionally
ECONOMY RESTRICTED AND DAMAGED BY COVID19 ETAL
1. EconomyWe need to open up small businesses so people can get back to work. We need to get kids back to school full time so parents can get back to work.
I think the biggest problem is rejoining the global battle against the crimate crisis. Our world is in peril and America needs to step up and do a lot more.Addressing racial injustice head on. Securing the rights of gay, lesbian and transgender people.Addressing homelessness and hunger.
not consistent with covid restrictions and inforcing the restrictions
the coronavirus pandemic
communism socialist
covid and oil consumption
Coronavirus, Climate Changed, Division between people
-9
current pandemic and the effect on the economy, immigration and health care
economy food gasoline
Covid-19, Health Insurance, Global Warming, Economy, S.S. Benefits. Wages, Cost of living.
Moving towards socialism, that is will be "voted" in, not understanding that we will have to fight our way out of it. I feel there is a lot of hate towards Christians. It has become impossible to have civil conversations with people that have the opposite opinion, they become instantly hostile and accusatory.
Covid. Age of misinformation.
racism
-9
COVID-19 - present government has done little beyond backing a vaccine. We must get that virus under control in order to tackle the other problems associated with unemployment, etc.
Lack of Veteran support, racial tension, poverty, homeless, lying politicians, Covid19, Russia
covid-19 pandemic
ECONOMY EVERYTHING
People not getting along for no reason at all.
immigration is biased towards people of hispanic origin
covid-19 and the money situations it has put everyone in
the top 1% have too much wealth and the working class struggles and arent paid enough
-9
The coronavirus is the most important problem facing the country along with the problem addressing it so people can get back to living a healthy life
Social unrest due to polarized political views.  No one can discuss politics or state their opinion without being told their opinion is wrong.
covidemployment
Climate change. If we don't reverse course now we are, quite literally, cooked.
The Virus  and the hatred between the political parties
disrespect for the police
-9
I think the fact that Trump still hasn't conceded is a pretty big one. This whole election just reeks of fascism and it feels like we're hurtling towards a coup and a dictatorship which is a horrifying concept.
covid pandemic
The division of the people in the country: city / country, rich / middle / poor, dem / republican, etc
Division   Not handling the problems with cop shooting and killing Blacks.Not even working on the cases as quickly as I feel they should.Having a president who can do or say whatever he wants and nothing is done.No respect for the position he represent.
Providing leadership in controlling and ending Covid 19
donald trump, divisiveness, pandemic, poverty/unemployment/widenjng gap between haves & have nots, environmental neglect
Equal rights, political division, student loan debt, economy
Loss of academics. Kids missing so much school and learning time. Due to Covid19.
Racial inequality, access to safe drinking water, wild fire management, access to personal protection equipment during a pandemic, people not social distancing during a pandemic.
pandemic, racism, unity
Disrespting the american people
Racism. Division.
Corona Virus is one of problems in th whole world
Poverity the poor people and lower class dont stand a chance. The rich get richer and the poor we just get poorer.
Division, distrust in government officials, distrust in the news media and media bias, censorship of anything that doesn't fit the leftist agenda, our governing officials absolute refusal to work with each other (frankly throwing tantrums and acting like kids), no transparency, attacks on Christianity and the Police, pure hatred for anybody who doesn't agree with you. It's ridiculous.
covid pandemic is not being addressed properly
cost of health care, media with an agenda, China
affordable healthcarewell-paying jobseffective educationincome inequalityunequal chances for a successful lifeprejudice and bigotry
Covid 19 and racism
Creeping fascism.
We are not free and I have no faith in our voting system.  It was fixed.
Covid
Immigration- Covid-19
Structural inequality: race, economic, and social inequality that allows for capitalism and the two-party system to break apart similar groups and play them against each other
The economy and the corona virus
Lying, Con-man of a President; Black Lives Matter; Abortion Rights; Upcoming Election Problems; Corrupt Republican Politicians.
Oppression. The race war, war on gays, rape, etc. We need much more work on equality in America
lack of equality, infringement on democracy, police brutality
economy
COVID - the pandemic is out of control and needs to be managed on a federal level
lack of honesty in our political system
black lives matter movement and how it is feeding into Racism and dividing our country
crime, unemployment
liberals, socialism, lazy generations wanting stuff wothout working for it or using race as an excuse for life choices.
inequality, having everyone not being treated fairly and justly
Trump is taking advantage of gullible Americans. He lies. He makes decisions that are only made for the betterment of himself. He is anti-democracy.
ECONOMY  JOB MARKET
Far left moving toward socialism and the national debt
information bubbles
-1
COVID. Economic impacts with unemployment. Small business not tied to big businesses. Racial unrest and inequality.
Republicans doing nothing over covid 19
The divide that media is forcing people to believe.
GLOBAL WARMING, DEPRESSION
the virus, racism
trey sucks penis
right now the pandemic because the numbers are going back up
COVID-19; misinformation and disinformation; partisan divide; the Supreme Court being used as a partisan tool
covid. Help needed for testing so everyone can get it and it is free.
RacismHonesty don't stand for truth.Corruption
I believe the disrespect for law and order, or right from wrong, has changed our nation into a cheating society.
COVID pandemic - poor WH management, ineffective in getting resources out to the hospitals & doctors to assist sick people in this country which has create more financial hardships and unnecessary deaths
COVID-19, student debt, economy
Poverty, substance abuse, abuse by Big Business, lack of support and funding for public education
The Pandemic and the economy. Take care of the first and the second will recover with the help of Americans, who want MORE....
COVID 19 by far, so many have died, so many more to follow. It makes me cry.
If I can name only one, it has to be the pandemic.
Agreement on facts and truth
Racial equality injustice
The democratic party has bashed our President from day one.  He was never given a chance.  He was never shown any respect.  They were against anything he stood for.  They were against anything immoral.
Human right, women and people of LGBTQIA+ should not live under constant threat of losing rights.
division racial and political division is out of hand and being made worse by the media
Covid is killing people
pandemic - COVID 19 issueRacism - Too much seperation and ideas of each race
COVID 19We need to make masks, vaccines, and social distancing a major priority. We need to support schools in safety protocols.
racial issues
Hatred  between sides
Racial tensions and divide.Two party system needs to be replaced.
-9
getting along with people who have different views from yourself
Pandemic and, up until now, the very poor control and lives lost. Also the magical thinking that it can't happen here or to me.
The division that the Trump  presidency has caused in dividing our country
A pedophile and a whore running for office and rigging an election
racial inequality and our enviroment
debteconomyforeign threatscovid
I believe the political divide in this country is a huge problem.  I also think that mainstream media is partially to blame for that divide.
access to healthcare for everyone regardless of income
Unity as Americans, what are ideals our
COVID  Need to stop the spread of the virus by mandating the rules..Wear masks, no large crowds and enhance the research for a vaccine.
The Socialist movement, and animosity encouraged between various groups of people that have been rallied to violence by an exaggerated sense of entitlement fostered by the Democrats.
Covid-19
nancy pelosi, and AOC
Racism. Covid19
discrimination
Elections have become either "which one is the better or two evils" or writing in "Mickey Mouse," making me very disappointed in the country and the people running it.
Devision; lack of compromise; far to polarized
extremely divided on views and beliefsillegal immigrationhealth carefederal budget
Corona Virus pandemicRace issuesnatural disasters
pandemic. is out of control
disparity among the different races.
Donald Trump, his corruption, attempts to dismantle democracy, firing up his rabid base, and his republican lapdogs.
Black Lives Matter, welfare programs, Antifa, divided country.
Cheating and fake news, cheating in the election, media - who's buying the media to control it to their advantage?, our fiscal economy for middle-class workers, illegal immigration, Speaker of the House cheating and disrespect by her and her followers, getting more citizens off welfare and required to work for those able, monitor welfare, stop robbing social security, and more
Freedoms-constitutional rights possibly being taken or tried to be taken.
refusal to work together to reunite the country.
covid outbreak-finding vaccine
Division and hatred
Abortion, people who want handouts rather than work and not settle on handouts.
falta de trabajos
racism and poltic
COVID-19 is a big problem in America, the way people are divided due to political stances is another problem.
Covid, racism and bigotry, our president and leaders, people not willing to do their share.
Covid19 has killed 250,000 people in America.
COVID-19 misinformation
covid 19corruption in govetnment lies by journslists
President was elected and controlled by Russians for last 4 years.  The Russian president currently has him destroying everything about the USA that makes it what it is.
Racism, oppression to people of color, Gun violence, Poverty, Human Rights, Gay rights, Transgender rights, Equal rights, a clear rift between parties, Narcotic drug abuse.
The gap between the mega rich and people in poverty is insane. We need to shrink the gap. Improve healthcare, tax the rich, and make big businesses take steps to lower their carbon footprint.
COVID-19 AND THE RIOTING
covidjobssocialismpatriotism or lack of
human rights ,gun control ,corona virus capitalism
covid cases that are putting people not able to work and not have any type of money to back them up, the government is not helping the people in need. Racism is really bad and someone should speak up for it and police brutality.
rise of socialism, pandemic over reaction, small business being crushed
PandemicRacial inequality and injusticevery split population in regards to social issues and health decisions
Covid-19; Economy; Climate; Health Care; Education; Homelessness
racism
Politicians in general
covid 19 and we need our second stimulus that was promised to us
Immigration, over spending, TAXES, my home taxes have gone up 300%+ in 25 years
Civil unrest. Lack of support for police.
Apostasy, which has caused the destruction and deterioration of every area of public and private life.
that are to many to list
i dont know i dont know i dont know i dont know  i dont know i dont know i dont know i dont know
covid19 and bullying
At this time, We do not have any leadership in the White House.
Pandemic, unemployment & health care
COVID-19
that there is alot of police brutality
People will not listen to each other and they just want to fight and win
people without jobs
Mental health - there is no funding for the amount of help people need. Wage disparities make it impossible for low income families to get mental health issues addressed.
I think the government allows multinational companies to have too much freedom in how they compensate and treat their employees.  It seem that companies used to foster a culture that cared more about their workers and their families.  Today the employee is only as good as the amount profit associated with their ability to do their position.  Multinationals can exact resources from the US and then move on with little to no penalty.  USA's moto: Feed Wall Street!  Instead of insuring that the richest country in the world can feed and keep healthy the citizens of the USA.   Elizabeth Warren seems to have a clear understanding of how we have allowed big corporations to change the laws to their benefit.  I would back anyone who had a logical plan to swing the pendulum back towards the citizens. I see Germany, Denmark, and New Zealand as examples of how a government should work for their citizens. Our politicians should have a global point of view and look outside of the US for these examples. I am not suggesting we adopted all of their practices but certainly they provide insight on how we could improve.
corona 19....uninpolyment ...president handeling of trouble...sad...
hatred: racial hatred, lack of empathy, not looking out for each other economically or health wise
covid 19 should have mask wearing required until there is a vaccine
covid 19. People die from this disease
COVA 19  EVERYTHING IN GENERAL  EVERYTHING LOOKS BAD  HOPE THINGS GET BACK TO NORMAL SURE HOPE SO::
Covid and people not taking it seriously   People not standing up for police officers
The recent pandemic that's causing a strain on our health system and negative economic impact
Divisive leadership from our President... is driving us to literally kill each other.
politicians have got to much power. They don’t really vote in favor of the people.
Employment equity.
Covid-19 lack of funds to help Americans
Covid 19. it is the biggest problem in the co3
1. advocating for the life of unborn babies2. protecting the lives of black people from police brutality3. protecting the lives of children at the border4. fair reporting rather than sensational/opinion based reporting from major news networks5. protecting our environment from harmful destruction
The division in our country between races.
COVID-19,UNEMPLOYMENT,BLACK ON BLACK CRIME
Covid unemp!oyment
-9
division, our country is full of division, we no longer are kind humans, we are hateful towards someone just because they don't have the same beliefs. It is all because of OBAMA!!!! He ruined our nation as a whole!!
I’m worried that we are heading into becoming a socialistic country
socialism. covid. economy. division
Race relations and Lifetime Politicians
corona virus is killing americans and our econimy
Too many people believing what they read on the internet or social media to be truth and not researching/investigating a topic further.
maintaining our constructional representative democracy and avoiding socialism at all costs.
law and order needs to be enforced
Covid, this needs to go away and we need to wear our masks, social distance and stay home
I feel like the US has split opinions on most important topics and we do not have leadership to bring everyone together and foster conversations. I also feel that America is gladly celebrating a lack of education and research. I also feel like our news sources have become a place of opinion and not fact. 24/7 news should NOT be thing. Filling the void with opinions shrouded as facts is hurting our nation deeply.
The government over reaching and shutting down business's without due compensation.
Illegals - what doesn't the government understand about the word "illegal?"  They should not be getting benefits or taking jobs from the American people.
Belief in Christian values
media biasbig tech has too much powercancel culture
Loss of jobs or lowered income due to COVID.
A lack of agreement on what is fact and truth. splintering of media into personalized echo chambers.
-1
High taxes on the working class.
ignorance of science and critical thinking
Coronavirus. Economy
Socialisim, government control over America's people.
-9
Covid-19 virus control and the politicalization of public health issues.
besides covid its poverty and racism
the coronavirus
election fraud moving towards a socialist country
politization of the pandemic resulting in tens of thousands of americans dying
systemic racism, pollution, economy, gentrfication
congress and all the discord.
Division, Red/Blue Rich/poor
COVID-19, Employment, persistent poverty and nutrition, climate change
Parties not being able to talk and not having an open mind
the media and news CNN NBC fox. NY TIMES elaborating news tocreat chaos
Abortion!
covid-19, economy
people ajusting together
Covid has made an drastic impact on the lives and enonomy of the people.
Climate change-many of the things that have affected me this year from the pandemic to fires are related to climate change
Division of Political Parties.  No Unison.
The Covid-19 response.
Covid-19 is killing too many people.  I believe balancing recovery of the economy with lockdowns is important, but with cases increasing the way they are I believe more lockdowns may be needed, however unfortunate.
Racism, the blatant shunning of people because of their color of skin.
Having Trump as the President allowing him to do what ever he wants, not having any accountability for him as the president and his utter disregard and disrespects fir Americans and America
Covid, political climate
the taxation of the wealthy ones is quite low compared to what they own
Economy, Covid 19, Safety of communities, environment, small businesses
coronavirus, drug addiction
Lack of Patriotism, political correctness overpowers common sense, early onset of socialism ([REDACTED DETAILS]), everyone has rights and no one has responsibilities, the laws are not respected, bureaucracy and corruption - social services that do not provide help to those who need help, trying to save the world while own house is on fire.....I can go on...
Voter fraud, Politico unrest,
jobs lost due to COVID
covid 19 people Are dying in the world
Covid is the biggest problem
Asking misleading questions.  I cannot answer your journalist question or science question the way I want too.  It is too general. Journalism is supposed to be truthful & rechecked for facts before going to print. Journalism is trash today.  I can't call it journalism.  Science is opposite - The Bible verses Darwinism & Evolution.  Deceit, Control, agendas, unholy alliances, The Hammer being used against the American people to attempt to steal an election.
Rule of law and media honesty
morale, and jobs keeping jobs in the us, and if it states made in america
covid 19 eradicate it
corruption
Covid-19 and pandemic
health and inmigration
Health during/after COVID
The division of our people based on ideology and faithGun controlCivil rights
immigration
COVID- health & economy in this country
Racial Inequality, people not trusting facts and science, lack of reform in educational system.
corruption and racism
-9
younger generations of Americans have a sense of entitlement and no good work ethic.  They expect the government, employers, others to take care of them and make their lives easy.
covid, the economy, Health Care
unity, lack of trust, politicians blaming, the fear of the evonomy in the democrats hands
Climate change causing disruption such as floods, droughts and fires to our communities. Changes to migration trends in wildlife and threatening extinction. Rising sea level threatening coastal areas. Loss of fresh water supplies.
Climate Change. Polarization of two parties. No universal healthcare. College being way to expensive. Slow moving and acting government.
racial equalitygender equalityhealthcare for allCovid 19economy
pandemic rioting division
The greatest problem facing the country is the lack of education in our nation.  People will believe whatever fits their narrative and do not have the mental capacity to differentiate with their own thoughts. The sheer number of conspiracy theories that republican citizens believe is a national embarrassment.
Covid and shutdownsThe economyTrust of othersClosed mindedness - not willing to discuss opposing view points
climate change denial and inaction
Covid 19, economy
Younger generations of Americans have a sense of entitlement and no good work ethic.  They expect the government, employers, others to take care of them and make their lives easy.
COVID 19
COVIDunemploymentpoverty
Covid. How this is going to affect americans if they shut everything down again
Covid 19. Getting a vaccine to the people.
Racism is the largest problem our country has ever faced in our history and because oppression is intersectional cannot be disconnected from sexism, genderism, homophobia classism, nationalism, ableism, religious intolerance and cultural intolerance.
economy  covid pandemic jobs  people depressed due to restrictions on socializing
climate changewill affect animal survival and plant growthglaciers will melt, the coasts will flood
Socialist policies - ie. universal healthcare.
Pandemic and Washington corruption
Peoples general desire to have the government solve all their problems. Self reliance seems to be a thing of the past
police Brutality
Disunity between Americans, loss of respect by our allies, democracy threatened by the very one elected to preserve it, America looking weak in the eyes of our enemies
1. Trump is a hot mess and he cant get out of the white house fast enough to suit me!  He is scary. 2.  The pandemic.
are our kobs safe
Race, dealing with racist people around us
covid,(also: economy for the poor and middle class, racism, disunity)
lawlessness, lack of discipline and order,  and no respect to law
National security
downward spiral of economy
down turn in the ECONOMY, need to get more people back to workcovid - public health issue
Corruption, the economy, constitutional infringements
debt and unemployment
covid 19, taxes
There is so much hate and division.
thw economy crashing
covid 19, economy, racial tensions
COVID-19 Affect American
Uniting the American People
economy- unemployment is very high
The lack of Federal leadership in stemming the spread of Covid-19
covid creates so many more problems
division.  coronavirus.  racism
Election fraudSocialist movementRacial misinformationDemocrat agenda
Monopolies of large companies and non enforcement/nonexistence of antitrust lawsglobal warmingwealth inequalitydiscrimination based on skin color/sexual orientationincarceration rates
Media coverage. Cost of Living increases without employers increasing pay and benefits.
Divisiveness. From police, to BLM, to gender confirmation, to pandemic policies, to politics and society in general.
Economy amongst a global pandemic, divison among citizens, trade wars, environmental issues/climate change
drug addictionracismaffordability health coverageaffordability to live day to day lifejob opportunity
The political parties have forgotten who they represent.
immigration - especially family separation and border control
Pandemic and the impact on public health and economy
Socialists
High taxes on everything.
Immigration policy.
-5
people getting sick and dieing
social media, it seems to have found a way to turn ourselves against eachother. there will never be a vaccine for this
Pandemic is killing us
no
Honestly within our government/ Positions being held by the sane for too long amount of time.
The political divide between the left and right has split the country in half. Neither side wants to compromise and demonizes the other.
Our National Debt, Corruption inside the Senate, corruption inside the Judicial Court, corruption in the House of Representatives, the false/ dramatized/ false reports of the media, our slow loss of our 1st and 2nd Amendment Rights, Illegal Immigration, Immigration policy, LGBTQ+, Black Lives Matter, Policy Brutality.
healthcare for all
The pandemic, racism, the economy, climate change, healthcare.
were very divided.
Social and political divisiveness
If this last presidential election was accurate.
LACK OF SUPPORT FOR POLICE
racism, gender equality, student debt
poverty, nobody gives a shit sbout the homeless
The Gridlock in Congress
healing our nation physically, mentally, and spiritually
none
The incoming administration, the pandemic, and the economy
National Debt, Immigration, Democratic Socialists, Joe Biden becoming President and Kamala Harris becoming V.P. moving into the Presidency
equal access to education
employment everybody need a job
COVID 19 and so many ill
Addressing the covid-19 pandemic, climate control, bringing equality and unity to the diverse people groups
the divide within the nation and the inability to come together and work towards one common goal for society as a whole.
Lack of unity and concern for common good
Lack of empathy for others
the way congress does not work together
Lies, hoaxes and inability to distinguish truth.
1st) Covid-19, Cure, Vaccine ; 2nd) Unite The Country (we are presently divided, not a good sign): 3rd) Social/Racial Issues: 4th) Employment, We need to put people to work. 5) Restore some faith in the POLICE and some retraining.6) Communicate with the rest of the world: 7) Immigration, 8) After the the Pandemic is over EMPLOYMENT, hopefully pre-Covid-19 rate. ETC, ETC
Corruption of the democratic party. They will stop at nothing to get their way and it is very frightening
Equality
Covid short term, debt and lack of infrastructure long term
The COVID pandemic
The discard for different races.Thers an we can you cant attitude backed by the current President and enforced by Senatores.
LA PANDEMIA DE COVID 19, LA ECONOMIA E INMIGRACION.
A lack of respect for the Constitution
Virus Virus Virus
Division among people. I think that we need to get to a point where we see people as people and govern accordingly. Treating everyone equally is needed.
social media machine
Healthcare, mainly access to it
dont care to answer.
covid is the worst, as a [REDACTED OCCUPATION] worker wearing masks and shields for 16 hrs at a time sucks with no extra pay or nothing, then people getting unemployment plus covid relief and dont do a dam thing. plus we have to get tested twice weekly and others probrably havent had it done at all
Loss of faith in God.  Biblical morals have been lost by the American public and are being replaced by a faith of "Me" and therefore creating division and an everything goes stance.
COVIDI feel with numbers rising we should shelter in place and be cautious.  Numbers won’t go down easily with the attitudes of some Americans.  Yes, its an inconvenience, but it’s serious stuff.
-9
Covid, Climate change
the far left socialist agenda
covid,economy,healthcare,LIBERALS!!!
Climate Change, Racial Injustice
prices of medicationsmedicare payment amount
Underhanded election results
Gerrymandered districts and partisan news segmentation has made compromise in Congress nearly impossible. This does not allow the country to fix issues related to environmental collapse, the number of Americans without access to affordable health care, our outdated immigration system, and income disparities in access to quality education.
Stolen election, voter fraud, Socialism, identity politics, defunding the police, blm, antifa
covid-19, economy
Covid-19 virus infections and deaths
racial injustice
Racism
affordable healthcare and housing.  Work wages not rising with cost of living.
Health Care, we are in the middle of a pandemic and Trump is wanting to do away with ACA
lack of support for transgenders.
Hate crimes - many of the shootings/racism/ police brutality/ divide in our country all stems from hate. This hate permeates communities and causes divide and only worsens the problems. Rather than fighting each other, we need to listen and work with our neighbors.
-9
Police bruality
not handling the covid 19 virus properly.  initially their should have been a mast mandate.
to much economic wealth in a small group of people
Uneducated American Citizens
The lockdowns killing small businesses
The big political divide between people in America and the social security system.
health care
The attacks by the socialist ideology.
the cheating election of Joe Biden
Division, Race, Education and Income
Race and gender equality, rights of immigrants, maintaining our relationship with our allies
Need to find a solution to stem Covid-19 quickly
Trust in elected officials.
division and tribalism
Covid19 pandemic, lack of health care for everyone, gun violence, social injustice, low minimum wage, proliferation of fake news on social media, US reputation in the world
losing our capitalist way of life
I believe we need to pay attention to our health. Everyone, not making it a racist thing but make everyone pay attention and do the right thing. People are being too casual about this pandemic. It's our world and our health and we need to pay attention. Don't make it political or racist just take care of everyone.
covid19 president not for the people for himself
The undermining of the (true) family unit (one father, one mother, children)
CORONA VIRUS
COVID 19, Racism, Economy, EPA protections being destroyed, Climate Change
-1
socialist ideals are against what America was founded on
legalized abortion.
Covid19, Division of the Nation between law enforcement and BLM, Riots and Looting.
covid 19, unemployment, colored lives in danger, child neglect, animal rights
illegal immigration
homelesshousing for low income
im not sure what this entire topic is about
Poverty, mistreatment of immigrants, war on drugs (a waste of time, money, and lots of people incarcerated unfairly)
The Divide.  How to heal.
polarization of policial parties and how cable news and social media feed this cycle, greater separation of wealth, climate change
BLM, lawlessness, corrupt officials, all volunteer military
donald trump, pandemic
Voting fraud and fake news.
Covid 19 and people not wearing the masks to help
Covid 19current administration has allowed virus to run unchecked through the population and has advocated actions making the problem even worse.
The unrest within the people; all the negativity against the police; Biden/Harris winning
-1
health care, infrastructure
People are choosing to live in fear..
la economia del pais
Covid 19 is the main problem that the United States is facing.
Racial inequality, poor access to affordable healthcare, cost of education
Police brutality, Healthcare, Paid leave, School funding
economics, socialists, liberals
Corona virusFailing schools and educationOut-of-control groups like ANTIFA and other vigilantesMove towards socialist policiesClimate change
CovidDebtUnemployment Social Security
covid 19 is killing people and people dont respect it
Division amongst the people
Voter Fraud, Dead People voting, more people voting than registured voters
environment.
Covid 19 cure
covid 19, unemployment
pandemic, social injustice,
The left and the right. We are no longer a country. We are divided. We need to come back as one.
unemployemt due to covid - 19 and mass cases around the country
racism People being treated fairly and with respect
-9
COVID-19Racial Injustices
Climate change and a crumbling infrastructure. No art and music in school and a federal ban on marijuanna fueling the private prison industry.
the virus and how they are handling it
Covid PandemicVery poorly handled at the national level, especially in the beginning---politicized and not following safe practices--i.e. not wearing masks, large-group gatherings.
Pandemic, economy and a President who acts like a 2 year old who can not accept defeat and who is tearing our country apart!!!
The prioritization of Party fealty over duty to those who elected them by our government officials.
Election Fraud, Radical Socialist agenda of Left.
drugs and violence,  prejudice, divided country. welfare of the senior citizens.  costly drugs.
debt ,jobs economy
I do not know the answer to this question.
income inequality
handleing covid-19
pandemic and economy
need road work
Double-standards in the roles of governmental leadership.  Excessive hipocrisy in dealing with the constituents.
covid 19. poor management of public health crisis
prevention of spread of covid 19
social division and an inability to agree on what is fact.
COVID19 Cases and Deaths, Race Relations
I think there are several. But perhaps right now is the undermining of our democratic institutions and the unsettling acceptance of decidedly undemocratic ideals, like unquestioningly following a strongman and believing they can do no wrong.
cancel culture, socialism, opening up America, being energy independent, Democrats, rewriting history, police being demonized, Joe Biden being a terrible politician, Democrats pushing socialism
coronavirus covid-19
Covid virus, especially the current federal administration's lack of coordination and how it has been politicized by them
Poverty.  Not helping people enough to get into the workforce.
people ignore the facts and think rich people and corp. care about them
covid 19 of course
country being divided.  media not good
The COVID-19 Pandemic
Terrorism....dealing with certain bations lije Iran...with its nuclear capabilities
the fact that if Joe Biden is President,we will become a socialist country
Solving the COVID 19 pandemic
The fear of socialismtrying to get our country united again regardless of people’s genders, skin colors, and political beliefs
The pandemic and how it affects the economy. I think the republicans are really destroying the economy and not helping the people.
dont know
the mosf important problems right now are covid-19 economy problems and social problemsp
covid-19, and future animal-to-human disease transmission
Presidential election
The divisiveness in our country and our political partys are so far apart that it just adds to the problem.
climate change, internal divisions, russia and china, covid-19
people don't fear the legal system.  it is a joke in this country.  bring God back into the equation.  Everything went south after they took the Real Law out of the schools and life
Leaders who are looking out more for their own good then for the people who elect them
Civil unrest is out of hand. We need law and order.
voter fraud all states should have the same procedure to vote and only in person with proper ID to be shown at the polls and voter registration should be for U.S. citizens only.media predominately way too liberal
racisim discrimination
covid 19 which is killing so many people. And there's  no cure yet.
covid and the Pademic
climate change    we are destroying the planet and we can do something about it if we start now
economy, virus, disperancy in wealth
Trump dividing the country
COVID-19, opening schools, economy
-9
Pandemic spiraling out of control,    hurting economy and straining the healthcare system.
Economy/UnemploymentCovid19
Biggest problem are the democrates.
Covid virus - need a vaccine now!
Liberal, socialist policies where everything is supposedly free (but it's not).
Coronavirus pandemic
racism, viruses, and violence
media so bias against trump
affordable Healthcare for allending pandemic infrastructure
trumpism= racism, denial of climate change, sexism, xenophobia, denial of science
I feel the media and politians are playing races against each other.  There is no inity. We are being divided more and more daily with the help of the media.
political division
civilty......togetherness....repect of law
Covid and unemployment
CovidCivil unrestLack in police training
Stopping the covid 19 virus.
Our inability to work together to improve
National Debt has run a muck
Healthcare. It seems there are a lot of people left out of the system.  It's very expensive to purchase. I also have concerns that our industries (who are competing internationally) are facing a cost disadvantageikely, in many instances are  I'm generally not in favor of a single-payer system
covid pandemic is causing huge upheavals for our nation
Covid 19
Our economy tanking because of Covid
COVID and related economic crisis.
I think climate change. If addressed correctly, it could also have long term positive effects on  joblessness, the general economy, education, infrastructure and racial injustice.
equality, secondary education, healthcare.
racism  an police killing blacks
Covid-19, jobs, public safety and protection of personal property (Rioters not being held accountable), border security and homeland defense.
the goverment. they spend too much money on themselves.
global warming I am concerned about the changein weather and how we can combat it
corona virus health protection
the racial division through opportunities and how black brown people are treated differently in this country
immgration unemployment
Division because of political preference
covid 19 kill people to fast
Affordable Health Care
The covid-19 epidemic
Social divideRacismInequalityCongress unable to work together for the common of those who hired them (we the people).
Our Rights . It seems to me the pople we have elected as public servants become millionaires and think we as a pople are stupid. I am sick of it !
division since 2016 is on a new level. Creating an abundance of craziness it seems.
The total corruption of the Republican party
unemployment, covid 19 shutdowns
Too much hate.
there is a lack of equality for those of color in america
education tuition
covid 19 pandemic
Unemployment, income inequality, racism, sexism
Suppression of free thought and expression by social media and Big Tech.
keeping businesses open and people at work and healthy
covid spread is out of control. we need to focus our energy on helping the communities to combat the spread.
covid-19, black live matter
The Pandemic......... getting this virus under control so we can open up the economy safely.
Unemployment and the economy
Pandemic and the effects on the economy
-9
Liberals and Media
Law and Order. No person should be allowed to torch or destroy and other persons belongings just because their feelings get hurt.
covid help for the people
Slowdown in the economy from Covid. The question says problems and then says to name one. Other problems are immigration, national debt, political divisiveness, Antifa and riots, the cancel culture
Covid, was not handled properly from the onset
transparency in policy and the disclosure therein
COVID-19The survey required me to elaborate: Containment or eradication of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Well now that Biden is president, I believe that the people mooching off of the System are going to get more of my hard-working tax dollars and he is a proven predator. People need to lock up their children. Trafficing is only going to get worse with him
jobs and functioning society
The Democrats controlling the house and white house
Covid, as it relates to small business shutdowns, distance learning; immigration; progressivism; government spending; and lack of politician term limits.  However, due to this last election, I would say that election integrity is a HUGE issue because some will never trust the system again.
Covid 19 and Joe Biden!!
division concerning the pandemic and politics
The spread of COVID
Budget balance, FREE STUFF.
FAR LEFT SOCIALIST THINKING.CHINALOSE OF FREEDOM OF SPEECH LIBERAL PRESSSOCIAL MEDIA
racial inequalitiesincome disparitiesminimum wagehealthcare coveragethe pandemic!
Healthcare - We need to have universal healthcare.
covid 19 virus
Pandemic infiltration.
-1
Racial inequality
trump!term limits house and senatebig business
racism is one
Ignorant people thinking that violence is the answer to violence
The trend toward socialism and the away from capitalism as well as the emotional level of division.
Progressive agenda.
election reform
polarization
disrespect to law inforcement.  Vandilism , disrespect to others property.
who is going to lead this country the way it needs to be done
National debtSocialismThe entire democrat platform (what happened to the party)Corona virus shut downs
climate change needs to be addressed, and quickly!
Racism and the racial/social divide that the current president has exacerbated
black movement issues
all killin is unnecessary and still tryin to lower taxes
Divisions, divided nation. Including racism.Future of elections. Ultra-wings of both ends of the parties and affiliations (Progressives and Ultraconservatives).Cancel culture movement.Absence of leaders for the centrist or center of the spectrum.Mass media and social media (taking control of information, or exceeding their roles).
covid 19 and how it affected the economy and all the deaths, and the unemployment
COVID-19 is the most pressing problem.
income inequality, lack of educational funding
The Covid 19 and how we still have no vaccine for.
Ensuring that our nation remains a free market capitalist based country, ensuring freedom of religion and speech are upheld, and holding media news sources accountable to report just the facts allowing Americans to determine how we feel without indoctrination
Covid-19 and a smooth transition of power.
china is changing things which has been the norm for years
Covid, How to deal with it
pandemic government messaging and response
COVID pandemic. No national strategy.
Full employmentFederal deficitInternational standing
trump and his followers
Voting system, covid 19
covid. job loss
COVID-19 pandemic
epidemicrace relations
the covid pandemic
keeping the economy growing and reduce taxes and spending.
The difference in beliefs between the two major parties, Democrats vs. Republicans, and how we reach a compromise
covid 19 pandemic
-9
The obvious answer is getting control of the pandemic that is sweeping across the nation, which includes somehow convincing people that are willingly and blatantly ignoring scientific advice to change their habits.
I think that even in amidst of a global pandemic, rights should not be taken. Such as throwing pastors in jail for the right to gather. i believe that Americans who are not felons and have never had any sort of domestic or abuse charge should have the right to bear arms. Our constitution is the fundamentals of this country and the rights of the smerican people should not be infringed upon by government.
covid 19 control
Covid-19 Pandemic
Coronavirus control and the politicizing of the virus.
greed, division in politics, health concerns and insurance, need more support of police not less
covid needs to be dealt with first so that the economy can come back.
Corruption of Trump, within Trump's administration, his family, and his companies
Poverty, hungry and homeless people low paying jobs, people living barely making it from paycheck to paycheck!!!!
The continuing spread of coronavirus 19.
False truths i.e. people believing what they want regardless of facts with no sway in judgement
Corona virusEconomyChina & Russia problems
NO unity in America!! we should support President wether we like or not!!
Internal conflict in the country and one issue is racial issues.
covid pandemic 200000 dead no end in sight no leadership from washington
political parties
the fact that so many do not really know what is going on and only think of their personal comfort.
dishonesty in politics and congress
Covid, social class disparity, tax breaks for wealthy, climate change and racism
Virus people young and old.
ahora mismo el covi 19
Immigration, jobs, taxes, socialism, honesty in politics, truth in journalism, news media and money in politics
Climate Change requires massive action soon, but we still have a significant portion of our country that does not even accept the science.  Relatedly and more meta, the biggest problem we face is polarization of our media sources due to the internet and cable tv.
COVID outbreak
the  virus ,   unemployment  ,
COVID is preventing me from traveling to see my children and grand children right now so I would consider it the biggest problem facing the country.  Also, Trump is the second biggest problem and I fear that even after he leaves the White House he will continue to make big trouble for this country by continuing to lie to the 70 million people who voted for him.
people are not pulling together. they act childish putting each other down which makes them all look bad.
Getting everyone vaccinated for Covid that hasn't yet experienced it. Getting people back on track with not fighting about Trump or Biden, and what either of them is better than the other for. The economy.......so much for MAGA Trump! YOU'RE FIRED!!!!
Racism - social injustice, discrimination in law enforcement and judicial system
One of the most important problems facing this country today is racism. There is no equality for people of color with those of white people. Plus they are denigrated, abused, and do not have the same opportunities as the white people.
heal insurance and medicine costs
Lawlessness and political division.
The biggest problem is Unity and COVID
Race Relations: In believe that the Trump administration has fostered feelings of hatred and racism in our country that has created so much divisiveness between the races.
Trend toward Socialism.
SocialismMorality
stopping COVID 19 and how to handle it
The lack of love between all peoplelack of any personal responsibilityloss of family valuesgood work ethicterm limits for all politicians
Covid-19 pandemic and the economic impact to working people. Racism and wealth distribution are also very important.
The polarization of the denizens.
Poverty,  Right to abortion ,Climate control
threat of socialism ,  Biden’s ability
-1
The divide between the two party system and climate change.
getting covid19 and the resulting hunger, unemployment and homelessness under control.
racism and corona
COVID-19 national strategy and its influence on the economy
We talk at each other and use politics to morally judge one another rwther than as a tool to bridge divides between different political opinions we hold.
We need universal heathcare. Stronger benefits for pregnant woman... paid pregnancy leave from their jobs. Cost of public universities needs to be much cheaper and student loans debt need to be cancelled.
Racial and political divide
love, peace, kindness, religion, education
Covid-19 being blown out of proportion. People focusing on political parties instead of which candidate is actually trying to make the country better. People focusing on riots and insane amounts of harm, when we all need to love each other again and bring God back into the picture.
environment...
covid-19  job
violent protesting
democrats an liberals
the covid-19 virus
Presently. Covid-19 is the hardest problem. Then their is Police brutality towards minority and unemployment especially for the older workers 55 and older
Economy and Covid
-5
COVID 19 AND GETTING A VACCINE
Covid 19, the assault on our election process, the economy
The economy-wrestling with pandemic & the fallout it has caused across the board
covid- a national policy so we can protect people, get people back to work and school
Covid, economy, criminal justice reform
economycoronavirusdivision
crime, drugs, way we dealing with covid 19, the appearance of social injustice, national security.
unity / the country is more divided now than ever before because of the current president he has created a sess pool of hate
1. become more inline with Christian principals and values2. Handling those matters regarding those who believe they still have entitlement attitude.
Health Care. It is too expensive.
Climate Change other than the fact that the animals and plants on which we depend or admire will disappear due to environmental damage and that much of our country will disappear beneath the sea and large areas will become uninhabitable because of extreme heat, forest fires will continue to consume much of our land, hurricanes will continue to become more common and extreme
Democrats election cheating.Over spending.China
effects of covid
Joe Biden & Harris
COVID, Economy, Climate, Racism/Sexism
corruption  inthe government and rigged elections
Racism and inequality of all types (finanacial, educational, geneder, etc)
covid 19 and finding a vaccine for it
not having God or prayer. if we seek Him he is willing to heal the land. people have no moral standard or hope. so much violence.
i think Americans are in real trouble with all that is going in in the world right now.
inmigracion
inequaity in healthcare..jobs...income
covid 19 so many people dying, sick, out of work, losing business, hard to get necessity items and prices going up.
Socialism/communism with Biden/HarrisIllegal immigrationMain Stream Media being the propaganda machine of the leftFBI & CIA operating with no accountability
pandemic, eliminating hatred,  healing wounds from last administration, restoring the primacy of TRUTH, restoring the economy
imigration
the counting of votes i feel there was a lot of fraud
Trump previously focused on economic growth and capitalism before covid and health. Should have been the opposite
racism and police brutality
people hating one anotherraces are not equaldiscriminationnot supporting small businesses
Getting the Coronivirus under control. Life back to some normancy.
The country is politically divided.
political divide
public health and COVID-19
Gun controlborder security/control immigrationeducation social media hatredlack of tolerance
People wanting socialism thinking that the government can take care of all the problems Non citizens getting to many privlgegs and hand outs.
en este momento es la economia
covid, environment, economy
racism sexism bias of rich vs poor broken judicial system broken fair hiring act taking God out of school off our money
Battling climate change
the divide between the country and the people
covid/ democrats trying to destroy the economy and lives
CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY
our goverment is failing, leaders need to create job, middle class family are most affected, giving too many favor to people who doesnt work.
poor use of national resources like Medicaid money
Jobs, economy, healthcare, covid
Anti-intellectualism, climate change, income inequality
The division and hate this 45th president has left behind. Covid-19 and the income inequality
CovidProtests and BLMGlobal warming
Rising cost if health careHaving Affordable HealthCare for AllNationsl Debt Control
racism, hunger, poverty, social justice, obesity, covid
COVID-the pandemic and the way Donald Trump has politicized a health disaster
I feel that our democratic republic is being seriously threatened by the Democrat Party's socialist agenda.  My sense is that short-term euphoria over Biden's apparent win at the presidential level will soon cause serious damage to our way of life.  The way of life that only a strong military and a strong economy can support.  By the way, I believe that racism in America will be nurtured by the left leaning political powers, not reduced.
economy,rasism
Left Wing Liberals
That we are so divided
Democrats controlling the White House and both houses of congress, allowing them to pack the Supreme Court and put in place a socialist agenda
Economy...needs to continue to grow
people are divided
COVID, lack of consistency in a national response to it.  Lack of people taking it seriously in trying to stop the spread.  People not listening to Fauci and others on how to stop the spread.  People getting outrageous info on internet, falling for conspiracy theories, counting on herd immunity, not wearing masks or social distancing, etc.
Income inequality. Racial inequity.
Party Division
Being united as a nation. There should not be one perticular group trying to prove their race matters most, all lives matter. We need to get past our differences wheather it be race, politics, or religion and stand united
covid 19 not controlled
Health care is in crisis modeWe are divided as a nationThe homeless crisis
late term abortion is disturbing to me.
race relations,economy jobs
the separation between our people
pandemic is the biggest
COVID. We need to all treat the issue seriously.
I think that the educational system needs a complete restructuring in order to become up to date and teach children what they need to know for life in the modern world.  It is severely outdated information.
MEDICAL HEALTH, POVERTY, DESCRIMINATION
Money and politics are too connected.  Corporate personhood needs to be removed, as well as giving money to politicians for any reason; they should all have a set budget to campaign with.  There needs to be a stronger accountability for the people in power; it has slowly eroded.  Police are one example...they do something wrong, and they internally investigate themselves, and are paid while doing so?  There needs to be checks on their power, as well as removal of their qualified immunity.  Simply believing you're following the law or 'fearing for your life' shouldn't be enough to shield you from the consequences of your actions.  We hire you to place yourself in that situation.  The possibility of fearing for your life is practically one of the aspects defined by the job.  Other first world countries don't have police shootings like we do, because they don't let their police act like quasi-military forces.
political diviseness
Equallity.Racism.Healthcare.
covid shutdown, depression, people need people and activities, church
Economy, pandemic, deficit
headed toward Socialism
pandemic ending it
I beliveve Health care is in bad shape and the rising of taxes if Biden is President!
Abortion and race relations
Corona virus pandemic
covid-19 destroying the economy
civil division; protesting about EVERYTHING
Devisiveness - division between people
White supremacists really concern me.
no one being open-minded. people caring too much about what others think. too much racism being spread through social media and the news.
education...fed gov wants them to do so much but they don't pay the bills...they need to let the state make there own decisions
RACISM, black or brown people are rated as 4 or 5 on the chain of getting help, education, loans or any kind of favorable things in se uring their future...
DEMOCRATS, LIBERALS
access to reasonable health careveterans taken care ofcorrupt government a two party system which does nothing but try to divide a country
1) put liberty priority to health2) over thinking the economy instead of future3) white pride
too much hate and not enough God
global warming and equal rights
Pandemic - both its health and its economic impacts
there seems to be a great amount of non-favorable attitudes against  American ideals.
The impact that Covid 10 has had on all aspects of society including the economy and social relationships.
Covid-19-Need to get control of pandemic
Having a stable President without mental illness like Trump
Country is divided
unemployment. homeless
COVIDEconomic inequalityUniversal healthcare coverage (Obamacare); eventually a public option and finally single payerEducational system inequalities and higher ed opportunity
covideconomyinequality (wealth&race)no common basis of truth (Msnbc/huffpost vs Breitbart/Fox)
coronaTrumpRepublican Senate
economy, pandemic, bubble
Climate crisis associated with global heating
drugs and gun control
Covid numbers keep going up and putting the country at risk.
Politicians lying to the public.
hay demasiados pero el racismo y el prejuicio estan destruyendo esta nacion
Immigration- all of the children that were seperated from their parents and now they can't be found.
Capitalism, if done correctly, is good but it has gotten out of control in the U.S. The structure of our economy is based on companies making more and more money but not paying their fair share (good wages, taxes, infrastructure). Whether that is CEO pay ratio (320 to 1), lack of affordable healthcare, private education costs, low minimum wage, tax incentives for companies and the rich, poor support for social infrastructure (roads, etc.) that companies use, it is all based on the government prioritizing companies over people. Trickle-down economics does not help the middle and lower class and just results in the government being in more debt.
Lack of acceptance of other's opinions/viewpoints.  People thinking their view is "correct" at all costs.Judgement...
Corruption with government.
the reality of necular warfare
health, economy, race
mandated vaccines, face muzzles, medical freedom, fake news
1. COVID-192. Healthcare 3. Economy
Blind pursue of human desires without regards to value and dignity.
Threat of the left taking the country toward socialism.
unity, we cannot achieve goals if we are not togther and start treating each other with respect
stimulus money not going to the right places or people . To much masking in small towns . Also too much of shutting down of churches. And food courts. Nancy Pelosi needs to go she is causing to much problems for the entire USA for both sides . Nothing can get done. Theres lots more to say but this is good for now.
The needs to be more united
Pandemic is out of control. Unsure of vaccine.
covid 19.  people sick. out of work.
people are too offended by everything and want to push their ideas on others
Covid 19, health insurance, unenployment
Covid 19 out of control
the Covid-19 pandemic
scololizem,the press
Climate change.
Race relations, covid crisis and politics
COVID pandemic, racism and racial inequality, gun violence, climate change
climate, making life as we know it, unsustainable
-9
That anyone is allowed in the country without proper documentation
I think that the media and democrats are a huge problem. They feed lies to us and unless you take the time to research you arent getting the correct information. Most Americans are lazy and dont want to take the time to do this so they just agree with what they are being told.
lack of manufacturing
Divisiveness, two truthes based on which media you believe
Health care cost for
no unity between people
THE ENVIRONMENT
illegal immigration, voter fraud
The pandemic, health care, health care cost, race relations, common core values
unity, socio-cultural relations, geopolitics and sourxe of growth for economy (now and future)
political divide
becoming a socialist country
Divisiveness. The overly-impassioned "side-taking" has caused increasing violence in the streets. The same problem has paralyzed Congress.
COVID 19 this has to be under control for the economy to improve
Finding a way to limit the spread of the Corona virus. Eliminating police brutality.
covid 19 is rising and not much is being country wide to stop its spread
-9
endless warstoo high of taxesendless spendingattacks on the 2nd amendmentthe media dividing the countryattacks on the 1st amendment
Division between political parties; providing affordable health care to the elderly, disabled and poor; performance of our public educational system; national infrastructure; climate control/global warming
Equal rights for all humans
1. Getting Covid-19 under control.2. Keeping the Affordable Care Act so people in this country can get the health insurance they need without going into debt.3. Defund the military and police (a little bit) and use that money towards environmental protection and sustainability as well as education.
COVID-19, Unemployment, Racial Injustice,
CHINAHow elected officials can knowingly lie to the citizens and are not held accountable !The news media & Social Media companies how they censor 1 party but not the other I do not trust anything I hear from the major networks
Blurred lines between politics and morality.  Our country was never designed to legislate over morality.  Only infrastructure, military, and regulate commerce.
The most important problem is the lack of handling of covid19
DONALD TRUMP  HE IS THE MOST DISHONEST AND ARROGANT ASS WE HAVE EVER HAD AS PRESIDENT OF OUR COUNTRY.
The biggest problem to me is the racism that I in the world today
racism, sexism, the judicial system and the police
Covid-19 pandemic
Dealing with COVID pandemic
economic recovery from pandemic, country unity
Dems vs Republicans
i think Trump has encouraged racism and put the country back years... with that he was trying to create a militant reaction elevating peoples fears and anxieties. folsk being able to opening walk around with guns adds to that
Lack of love people have for each other!!
Financial crisis, uncontrolled spending.  National debt
covid19 and getting a vacine
division, race relations, pandemic
THE WAY THE ELECTION WAS HANDLED
labor wages, people taking advantage of the welfare system, health benefits and medical bills we pay so much for health insurance and still have to pay out of pocket. if you get sick and can't afford medical bills it affects your credit. medical bills add up quick even just sitting in the ER waiting room to be seen costs hundreds of dollars it's ridicoulos.
financial issuesCOVID-19
wealth disparity
movement away from traditional america
People with access to the internet using a smartphone as their sole means of interacting with the medium.
Cultural Marxism; corruption of our institutions
the pandemic & the economy
covid 19 and the way it has bwwm politocised
socialization, people only see or hear color
Deterioration of the social fabric (disappearance of acceptable social norms)Evaporation of civil liberties and freedom (to succeed and fail)
No unity this world has become so undivided
The extreme Left Movement (Progressives) are trying to take over Government to control the American people by destroying Democracy. Helped by the Chinees Communist Party,Russia and other Communist Nations and radical Nations like Iran.
The Pandemic is by the far the most challenging as some States are making it near impossible for some citizens to carry on with their lives. They are imposing decisions and demanding strict sanctions without realizing the consequences it creates for most individuals.
covid 19 taking a toll on Americans
Distrust in so many areas that I feel have been fueled by the media. So many issues have been formed by lies and misinformation and have created distrust.
-9
Racial divisions
Inequality between rich and poor
The Cornavirus is probably the most important problem facing this country right now.
Poverty, Food insecurity, racial and ethnic inequities, systemic racism, lack or inequities in social support systems (medical, educational)
division of the people on different subjects
covid 19 not being handled well
Election fraud
unemployment is still high
income tax
the environment is in danger due to climate change, pollution and wasteful practice.
The Pandemic.  We need to get it under control and each citizen needs to do their part.  People need to follow CDC guidelines, since they're the experts.
jobs working together
The national debt, possible possible tax increases and the
DIVERSITY OF SOCIAL GROUPS
Democrats
Lack of morals-honesty-ethics.
the next generation and it's beliefs
COVID-19, people getting sick and dying
battling covid-19.
pandemic,economy, leadership, job losses
Income/wealth inequality
Fraud in the election, elitist members of Congress who need term limits, the bureaucracy of the alphabet agencies, over-reach of governors and Big Tech in suppressing 1st Amendment Rights, the MSM who cover for Biden and persecute the President.
-9
Discrimination
Raising of Taxes Loss of Jobs A Lying FBI agency Devious people trying to unseat the US President Trump. Turning the Country in to a Socialist regime
covid-19 immigration rules and regulations (deporting immigrants that have worked and been in the country for years without getting in trouble or breaking laws)
Illegal immigration.
disease specifically coronavirus in America
-9
the apparent corruption, decite, fraud, and extreme bias by the leftist democrats, and fake news, both in                                        Washington DC and the states controlled by the democrats. packing the courts, raising taxes, eliminating fossil fuel, opening the boarders, socialism, changing parts of the constitution, etc. very scary for the future of the united states as we know it.
freedom of thought and speach
White Supremecy
The spread of COVID and the lack of health care
Guns and drugs is the problem..
covid19, its very diffiult situation to handle unles the vaccine is launched, and all precautions are followed very sincerely
Health care system is a mess... too expensive....
Illegal immigration
Education Right wing extremist
Climate ChangeCovid
Degradation of our democracy by Trump.
members  of government  not listening  to the common  people.  to busy  satisfying  big corporations  and ignoring  the needs  of the people  who have  voted for them.
ImmigrationHonesty in communicating with the publicHonesty  in telling the public all those goodies from Washington,AND THAT THEY NEED TO BE PAIID FOR IN TAXES AND HOW WE CAN ALL SACRIFICE A LITTLE AND GET MOST OF THEM OON THEIR WAY TO COMPLETION
a plan forward and clarity in dealing with the public. covid on the same level
Unemployment, Covid
Career Politicians
COMPLETIY divided
Welfare abuse
-9
Erosion of democracy under Trump/Republicans
congress being divided
Anti-scientific bias in a large portion of the population
black lives matter and beating covid
The radical left trying to push us into a marxist and socialistis nation
Voter Fraud, Antifa
THE CRISIS WE ARE IN RIGHT NOW BY PEOPLE LOSING THEIR JOBS, THEIR HOUSES AND FAMILIES AND NO HELP FROM THE GOVERNMENT
Election fraud
Unity between the diffrent parties.
The division and hatred in the country
The Pandemic, Climate change, flipping the senate.
economy,keepimg it strong
Lack of uniform American vision.
The division caused by Trumpism, white supremacy, violence against minorities
election fraud, China, congressional corruption, Joe Bidens corruption and dementia
the president, donald trump
racismpolice brutality
The most important part is the "united" part of the United States of America.  There is so much division.  I feel that if people would at least agree on the Pandemic that is causing us to lose so many lives we will be greater for it.
Partisanship across the country in all categories, Compliance with recommended practices for Covid-19
Covid 19. The whole thing has been so overblown. If you want to wear a mask or stay home, do it. Don't tell me that I have to.
bias media unwilling to print truth objectively
Laying politics,news,social media
COVIDEconomyReligious Right/Ultra ConservativesRacism
COVID cases being much higher than when the pandemic initially arrived in USA. Strained healthcare system, economic issues caused by COVID (unemployment, market crash, students).
Not teaching civics & history in school and education in general.Schools have turned into liberal, socialist indoctrination centers.Lack of respect in regards to laws, law enforcement and elected officials.
Lack of Covid-19 response at the federal level. Death rates, infection rates, economic costs.
we need to re-open our country. Domestic violence, suicide, alcoholism, and drug use have increased exponentially due to the pressures of people losing their jobs. We need to re-open now.
presidential electioneconomylack of respect for police deptcrimecriminals being seen as heros instead of the thugs they areabortionmedia- tv and social being very biased and not reporting fairly or equally.
the general population's ambivalent reaction to the COVID19 virus.
Social justice. All the things that's going on in the world against black men and women and putting in cages.  Worrying about poverty and trying to save the environment.
not following the constitution of the United States of America
the division between people in the country race,religion, polotical views.
college debt, sex trafficking, hate crimes
covid and social distancing while ag school and out in cominity
To many people want to live and not work for what they have and hard working americans have to pay for them.
economy, covid, divisiveness are tearing our country apart
Health care, education, environment
Racism, police brutality, climate change, racial inequality, gender inequality, Christian take over of politics, economic gaps in income
We have become DIVIDED.  Thank you Trump
corporate fascism
Coronavirus/healthcare.
racism americans against americans
racism kills peaple
COVID19economy
Major Media networks (including social etc) won't tell the truth or allow it if it doesn't fit their narrative - censorship and bias in the media leading to propaganda - misleading by misinforming Americans.  Now voter fraud that threatens our nation to remain republic.
covideconomyequality
covid pandemic response
The spread of the virus Covid and the deaths
Deep division between various groups, particularly in politics
environmental  issues
racism, health care
Income inequality
Freedom over tyranny. Constitutional crisis over individual freedom and the constitution. Socialist and democratic dictators taking over our lives and healthcare and freedom.
Pandemic out of control. Thanks to the lack of our government. Should have stepped up back in March.
hatred among everyone
coved 19 death rates going up
health insurance
-9
Biden/Harris If they become president the nation will fail
covid 19, racism,
no unity between people
racism, wealth inequality for minorities
Partisanship / division
covid 19 is very important right now
Trust in government officials
biden i dont like him
I think it is socialism.
Covid 19Global warming
covid 19 for sure.
illegals coming in to our country
racial divison.
getting covid 19 under control reunifing people to get along as human being
The media completely controls everyone's perception of what is going on in government. The public does nothing to find truth for themselves.
economics
Media (Biased), untruthful, greedy, and corrupt politicians
Discrimination, on various levels.
The Media, the lies they spread with zero consequences
-9
Climate change, pandemic, racism, police brutality, growing divide between people due to their beliefs
COVID pandemic; the deficit and future economic and monetary effects (e.g. inflation); people having lack of trust in the election process even though they don't know how that process works security-wise
covid-19 is killing thousands of people and the cheez-it in office has done nothing to stem it and everything to exacerbate the situation by telling his disciples that it's ok to not listen to scientists and medical experts
Lazy generations
The Racial Injustice
loss of freedom of speech , control of the press by the press, censorship by social media, social media,interference by a political party in the Presidential election.all of the above leading to the loss of the Republic and freedom as we know it,SOCIALISM
-1
proverty so many people with no food or income and a goverment  that dont care.
the Pandemic...people  need to stay home more, make wearing a mask mandatory
division of our country, political, racial gender, etc
1. Healthcare 2. Affordable Housing 3. Taxation without Representation
Hatred and people being divided
the covid pandemic, treatment towards black lives
COVID-19 crisis
crooked, lieing democrats
Pandemic no policy for handling wuth this administration
we do not have a good leader. We need someone who is really for the people
the economy, election fraud, domestic terrorism marxist groups,
i already answered this question
The fear mongering going in in the MSM and in social media.
covid and racism
finding people to work
Education, China, High Tax Rates.
economy, election intergrity, medical cost.
rigged election
poverty, unemployment , individual rights and Covid
The divisiveness that has consumed our country lately.  The fact that people cannot respect an opposing opinion.  Some people will no longer be friends with those who have a different opinion.  The disrespect for our police officers.
divison among Americans
National security, climate, economy.
Divide
rule of lawcovidgop stacking of courts and its hypocracydonald trump
COVID, and Social Issues
Economy, Health Care, War, Less Government Interference (in a lot of different areas)
Income inequality, climate change, racism
attacking the Constitution
No unity in our country
covid, steps need to be taken to stop this horrible virus
Politics are dividing the country
Homeless is very big now even family
People have rejected God.  They have no morals and expect everyone to embrace all sorts of deviant behavior.
Racism - The unfair and discriminatory practices that permeate all facets of American business, schools, law enforcement, Schools, and life in general.
SOCIALIST MOVEMENT IN THE COUNTRY, LACK OF ACCOUNTIBILITY FOR CRIMES,PANDEMIC
OUT OF CONTROL CONGESS,TO MUCH OF OUR ELECTED OFFICIALS TAKING CARE OFTHEMSELVES AN NOT THE PROBLEMS OF THE PEOPLE
-9
drug addiction
PANDEMIC, HIGH DEBT RATIO
Global Warming
Disease - Covid Virus PandemicUnemployment because of the Covid Virus Pandemic
jobs, feedind family and paying bills
Nancy Pelosi and her cronies are the division in our country.
democratic party
Equal rights for all
racism, sexism, covid
covid 19 is getting out of control.
Health care, economy, racial issues
Climate change and economic injustice.
the election, covid19
Racism and social equality
covid pandemic
Climate change for the long hall -- in 50 years or so no other issue will matter much unless nations address this issue.  There are many others, of course, but this one is the Big Mama of the rest.
Covid 19.   Need more help for SMALL Business, and struggling Familys ....
separation of the people
everything, society, money, covid
voter fraudnews media and social media monopolies on what they think is "truth"
COVID is causing issues for citizens.
Division. White men are becoming the target of every other gender and race.
deportation, children being taken away from their families
The pandemic and the uncertainty of people working and kids in school.
dont know
COVID, Systemic Racism, Homelessness, Trump and his supporters.
health ,we need to work as one
Pandemic--COVID 19
1) NATIONAL DEBT2) UNCONTROLLED GOVERNMENT SPENDING3) FEDERAL GIVE AWAY PROGRAMS THAT ARE NOT UNDER ANY SUPERVISON4) ILLEGAL ALIENS5) ABORTIONS
Getting the economy going
SOCIALISM COULD BE ON THE HORIZON.   I LOVE A FREE AMERICA WITH FREEDOM OFRELIGION ETC
ECONOMY; ELECTION(s) INTEGRETY; GOVERNMENT CRIMINALITY; LACK OF CONGRESSIONAL LEADERSHIP;CoVID-19 INTENTIONAL MIXED MESSAGING
why the democrats want to destroy the USA
health car. covid 19
Pandemic out of control with only 2 vaccines almost approved but not for couple months. too many deaths!
Division among parties, fake news
covid too many people getting sick and dying
economy, pandemic, natural disasters
economy and unemployment, cdc and chinese virus, immigration, big pharma, corruption,
pandemic and hate speech
Lack of public support for masks during rise of Corona virus infections. Have lost several good friends bc they didn't believe virus was real and was political issue.
Destruction  Violation   Killing  Murder  in  this  Country
Dishonest Election.  So many things were done to get Biden elected who didn't even campaign.  Faulty machines monitored by countries outside the United States, in some states mailing ballot to everyone whose identity wasn't checked, dead people voting, not allowing both democrats and republicans to witness counting the votes, changing the rules in counting the votes by people who did not have the authority.
I think that being so divided on so many issues is hurting this country. There is no more unity in America. I feel that journalism is a huge problem as they do not report facts any more. Journalists report “facts” that are jaded with their personal opinions. Social media/poor journalism is tearing the country apart.
covid 19 virus
Lack of unity and respect for one another
our biggest problem is internal, we as a nationare becoming so self centered that we are allowing the minority to rule our rights. we will distroy our country with this petty attitude that one persons dislikes are allowed to rule over the majority!
covid virus deaths
the tax base is unfair to all americans
systemic racism;also religious-driven political power; rural-urban divide and economic inequality
resession. low min wage. racism. climate control.
covid pandemic is out of control
Low standards of honesty.
Unity. As citizens of this country, we are too focused on our differences and we’re letting that divide us. “A house divided against itself cannot stand.”
Hypocritical behavior by elected officials.
curupt politicians
climate change, racial justice, social justice
COVID, Health Care, Taxes
jobs, and Minimum wage needs to go up in a lot of states
-1
Economic disparity
Global warming - we need to focus on alternative energy sources to help promote the reduction of green house gases.
The Leadership
Right now, the biggest problem is the Covid-19 pandemic
Corruption in the election, corruption with the FBI, corruption within the Democratic party as a whole.
Lack of respect for each other
Socialist Democratic Party and their agenda to change America to a Communist Country.
RACISMO. XENOFOBIA, MISOGINIA,
Election 'irregularities'  and how the liberal media downplays anything positive that Trump has accomplished.
Ending the COVID epidemic and the attendant economic and social problems.
covid-19.     Division in our gov and the people of this country. and of course trump
i can't think of one particular problem that is the most important, so i don't know
covid and the lack of response by our current president
Trumpism: racist, homophobic, misygnostic, oppressive bullying who make up their own reality
poverty, job security, COVID
economy, corona virus, racial tensions
virus, economy  foreign relations
employment and medical
COVID not being an issue to many people. They don't take precautions and uncaring how they may affect others
riots. abortions. discrimination
The COVID-19 Pandemic is the #1 problem facing the country, from which all things flow.  However, close 2nd is the Republican Party and their support of the destruction of our democracy in favor of their own power.
FACISTS, CENCERSHIP.
Education inequality
Coronavirus, creating a safe and effective vaccine and distributing it.
pandemic ,and better wages
Division. We the people need to come together and make this country great!
Many people do not want to work. They want everything handed to them.
Response to COVID-19 pandemic
affordable health care for all
economia,salud y politica
Drugs, jobs,healthcare,wealth divison,republicans  demecract  not comming together
COVID 19 WE NEED TO CONTROL THE SPREAD OF THE VIRUS WE NEED A LEADRSHIP TO DO THAT WHICH WE DON'T HAVE AT THIS MOMENT.
lack of jobs
bigger than COVID, bigger than economy, bigger than foreign policy....The political system has decayed into a parasitic relationship where neither party takes their reason for being elected a priority.  Differing views can have synergistic results, but factions not only disregard this but make efforts to prevent this from happening, which only contributes to our country's atrophy.
The debt and deficit; the US standing among our friends and allies.  China.  Russia.
DEMOCRATS TRYING TO FORCE US INTO COMMUNISM
unity - the country is very divided. need to support each other. quit rioting over nothing. all lives matter!
Biden family corruption and the CCP
right now the presidential election, we could lose the nation if biden wins, also the economy and the covid 19
news media that is far too opinionated, does not present just the facts, and tries to sway the public to believe what they would have them believe.  also i am concerned about the interpretation of and upholding of our constitution.  and i am concerned with the integrity of our elections
Truth, Honesty, Justice,
Abortion, 2nd Amendment rights under attack, Removing or undermining the US Constitution
the country is in turmoil
rejection of God, Father,Son and Holy Spirit.
COVID & economy to sort out :(
I think the biggest problem facing the US right now is that the current administration will not accept the results of the presidential election. Other than that, the issues with healthcare, the environment, equal justice
yes racisms people being treated unfairly for years
no opinion
unity,  there is non and there is no on who can do this including the president-elect
Virus If we don't get the virus under control we can't get the many money problems under control
The economy and covid.
blm is bull im not prejugdice but blacks kill black and theres no riots but if it happens to be when a white guy happens to kill a black man the blacks r rioting ....also the rioting is bullshit.  just like i say the past is the past . its the future let it be and build on it make it better.. common sence
NATIONAL DEFICIT
covid, gun control, women’s right tk choose, BLM, gay rights, equal pay
covid, economy, hunger, homeless, border security, external and internal threats, politicians.
pandemic ; systemic racism in police departments; divisiveness in country
covid.  economy racism sexism Healthcare. education jobs
Not respecting others that are different from yourself. Equality, Racism. Lack of environmental accountability. Unemployment. Homelessness. Political division. Only 2 sides to everything. Big corporations taking advantage of people, smaller companies, and the land.
Country is divided. Religion, skin color should get least priority. All are equal. No caste, no gender. All are equal. Guns should be banned totally.
Covid, Police brutality, and a faulty government to name a few
PandemicAmericans are dying.
need to wear mask more
The health crisis because the safety of people should be #1. Civic unrest can disrupt individual safety so it is #2. The economy is needed in order that to provide for the individual and/or family to live comfortability would be #3.
getting rid of Covid.liberal media agendapolitical correctnesshigh taxes
Ever-increasing divide between poverty and wealth.
cover and the economy
How our country and its people are handling the virus covid-19, I believe we are  not taking it as serious as other countries
this country has several problems
Division, self-destructive economic policies, decline in trust in institutions
the covid 19  jobs ,the president he like to play around
Wealth Gap, Police Shootings, Politcal Riots
rasism.
Divisiveness between Americans. I find myself hating anyone on the other side because I see them as the enemy, especially Trump supporters. The rhetoric against liberals has me feeling like we are enemies, when really we are all Americans. It is utterly ridiculous to say that liberals want to destroy America, using that type of talk only divides us more. I am a liberal and I certainly do not want to destroy America, but there are certain places in America that I would feel unsafe calling myself a liberal in public.
SYSTEMATIC RACISM, THE BLOATED CARCASS OF CAPITALISM, THE PANDEMIC AND ITS POLITICALLY CHARGED IGNORANCE, THE SELFISH WHITE AMERICAN MINDSET.
Hostile ideology.
The most important problem facing our nation is a lack of leadership from the President. Additionally, working with other countries in the world to try and solve problems together, rather than by ourselves.
Climate control
hate, division among the people
COVID. We need to be able to get it under control with rapid testing so that people can still go out and support the economy once they have tested negative
unity,at this time nothing is getting done
government corruption
Covid pandemic, Food insecurity, unemployment
Advances made by socialism
unity as one
Getting Covid under control is #1.  The second would be to end racial inequality
economic inequality
2nd amendment arm every citizen's so criminals won't think about murdering citizens again
unemployment due to lazy people wanting a handout and mental illness, rioting due to social class and mental illness, media keeping people angry, militant groups
Pandemic and lack of the current administration's response to the crisis in the US, economy with no stimulus package to help workers and small businesses, racial injustices,
na
Covid / Healthcare.
Integrity of our Government Agencies
Covid19, foreign relations, health care
COVID-19 and healthcare
BLACKLIVESMATTER
Covid safetyPeople have been misled by the caviler attitude of the current administration and are not adhering to safe practices in dealing with the virus.  This, unfortunately, has led to a second wave of virus spread and prolonged economic impact on jobs, businesses, and mental well-being.
Businesses are shutting down a lot
Give police authority.  It's why they are called police. Get rid of the bad apple police and stop profiling them all like they are bad.  Isn't profiling bad in all cases?  Crack down on black on black violence.   Curb government spending and corrupt stealing of funds.
CO-VID 19 pandemic
Not following God, Unchecked rioting/looting, the belief by liberal democrats that if you do not feel their same feelings or vote their way you are a racist, sexist, homophobe or xenophobe.  Aborting of live human beings in the womb, The assumption that by being born white you are subconsciously/consciously  racist no matter your background.  Moving to more environmental fuels without crippling our economy and the average consumer.
-1
Coronavirus, Health Care, Economy, Climate Change, Civil Rights, Equal Rights.
Covid-19.  there has been constant lies/mis-information spread by Donald Trump. He should let the experts advise him rather than assume he knows everything.
The Virus and unemployment.
Riots energy politics
handaling of covid 19 virus
Covid-19, Trump’s actions causing distrust and mockery about election process needs to end to sllow country to heal
right now at the moment is the covid-19 and no employment
stopping covid19 spread with vaccine
Capitalism is probably the biggest problem; it touches health care, COVID non-response, and climate change.
the outrageous amount of democratic cheating  in the 2020 election for president.
The voluntary, insane spread of the Corona Virus.
no control, The people don't following the rules.
riots; some state and local governments
partisanship, shrinking middle class, wealth gap
covid, economy, women's rights issues, social security, medicare, iran, etc.
income inequality
covid and related economic issuesdefunding police movementracial divisionintercity issues that have not been addressed by those city leaders and congress for decades
moving industry from USA to China or elsewhere. Need to apply high tax on companies who are moving out of USA.
the cost of living
environmental threats to health, ecosystems and resources (soil health, biodiversity, water, climate change)
covid.      economy
Covid and the Economy
Covid-19economythreat of socialism
Big businesses controlling our politicians, the media and our country!
Universal Health Care
idk poop go uo poop goes down social media will kill us all theres a race war a civil war ahead of us
Climate Change
COVID-19, Economy, Unemployment, and Education
COVIDECONOMYCLIMATE CHANGE
Drift toward socialism
Obesity epidemic, health education, air quality, renewable energy, low income inequality
Race relations: People are too often judged based on their color, rather than their character.
Trends towards Socialism and the ignorance of its danger to freedom and historic failures.
US DEBT,  CHINA aggression, US Dollar weakness
Critical Race Theory, Lack of journalistic integrity, Democrats
covid 19.  getting shots to everyone
the decining economy
racisim, corona virus,
homelessness, socialism, capitalism
Socialism.... take over of the government
Getting the Pandemic under control, job creation and maintaining a healthy economy.
The Covid-19 pandemic
economic stagnation
Racism,  Covid 19,  Health care, and the economy
Health Care, Employment
Everything is overly politicized.  There doesn't seem to be anything off limits that can be something for people to come together.  As oppurtunities for common ground are removed it becomes more difficult to have a calm discussion of ideas.
financial crisis
my business closing because of COVID
the lies decet and socialist agenda of the democrats.
Civil rights, including voting rights and the fact that blue states are under-represented relative to red states, and they are at electoral disadvantage.
Division amongst the people of the United States.People not wanting to work and instead wanting a handout from the government.I worry about the work ethic of younger Americans.
-9
COVID and keeping our Democracy alive.
anti social people
Keeping the economy going during the pandemic.
Trump dividing our nation with lies and negativity that fed on peoples weakness to think for themselves. Covid, Energy/Global Warming, Homelessness, The 2% rich manipulating the government. High taxes for the poor and middle class while the rich can pay attorneys so they pay very little.
social security,support for under privilaged people
I believe that there is alot if dishonest things happening across the US.
Social inequities - leading to differences in how people make a living, receive healthcare services, are (mis)treated by institutions, and much more.
COVID, healthcare, homeless
racism, drugs, pandemic, politicians not working together to help our country.
Government overreach
lawlessness; rioting, physical attacks, luting etc...Division between races, political viewsLeaning toward socialismblack lives do matter, but ALL lives matter- too much ignorance
covid
I think we need a calming time Trump has made my city into a a place people are setting on fire literally he need to shut up and we need to calm down and stop hurting our small business because its fun ...  and he needs to but out of our town ([REDACTED LOCATION])
Partisian polotics
Skyrocketing National Debt
-9
Division. We are not unified on anything in this country right now.
Getting the economy back to it's pre-pandemic state.  Maintaining the level of freedom we currently have as Americans.  Unifying a highly divided country.
People not taking responsibility for their own actions.
Trumpism. The further division of the country along political party lines. A lack of compromise between political groups. Politicians more interested in maintaining their power than helping the people that elected them. Police brutality.
BLM
lack of leadership, especially regarding coronavirus, etc
covid19 pandemic
rasicist and covid job loss
Covid-19, employment, healthcare, world standing, Pay and income gap
Near zero parental guidance of the last three generations. No one is teaching the young right from wrong.
INEQUALITY SAYS IT ALL
homelessness
abortion rights , pro choice vs pro life
lack of preventative health, uneducated or poor education, lack of birth control.
Voter FraudCritical TheoryEducationThe Media and Big Tech
peace in the world
Getting control of Covid 19
Right now is the pandemic but after that it is how divided the people are that it will be difficult to make progress towards a better country.
Socialism Turning Out Great Country Into A 3rd World Cease Pool!
healthcare system
-1
immigration, sanctuary cites, not have electiral votes spilt in states,
immigration pandemicelection frauda Biden administration guns rightsfreedom of speech for conservatives
at current, the most important problems are the pandemic and the countries handling of it's minorities i.e. being treated as second hand citizens.
Health crisis COVID-19 should  be one of the top priorities. Then U N I T Y , a country divided cannot stand. WE MUST UNITE AS ONE USA AGAIN.
Lack of respect
At this current time, I believe the greatest problem facing this nation is voter fraud.
Coronavirus and its financial hardships
COVID-19 Pandemic
I'm concerned, at the moment, of our voting process being valid and counted by concerned Americans who care for our Constitution.
Public Healthcare (including covid 19), The Environment, Social Equity, Education, Police Reform as well as Global Disarmament, Honorable Foreign Relations and more
china issue economy corona virus iran russia
The democrats stealing the election
Difficulty in Transfer of Power after a USA electioncovidt 19lack of Gun Control
The economic impact of COVID19
Lack of support for individuals and small businesses dealing with COVID-related shutdowns
demise of self reliance
The pandemic, economy
Covid, Racisium,
Currently: The pandemic and class access to treatments, medicines and testingIn general: Lack of education in primary schools, secondary schools and now even university level
Divisiveness. The dissension of people in this country with little or no tolerance for others opinions and no willingness to negotiate or work together to find a middle ground. This situation is being promoted by our "so called" leaders. They should all be replace with folks that actual act like adults and not elementary school children. This goes for both sides of the aisle!!!!!
socialism health care education
healthcare crisis, racism, deep division and finger pointing when someone has a different opinion or view
Basic human rights (especially for black, lgbtq+ people)
pandemic--getting it under control
Racism, sexism, financial inequality, partisanship with no movement toward discussion or compromise.
THe rise of social media has provided an outlet for hate and for a lot of opportunity for bullying (both on issues and on people "expressing" their rights.  A misinterpretation can rush and become viral exceptionally quickly. Then, you have plenty of people who are uninformed jumping on the bandwagon to rush to judgement.
defunding the police is a big issue
Covid. This country is fatigued, it's impacting the economy, people are depressed, a lot of confusion and division on how to handle it, the President's cavalier attitude toward itl
the acceptance and promotion of sin in all areas of society is embarassing and really awful.  we despritely need a revival across the nation lest the wrath of God we deserve should come.
Currently COVID is the most important issue facing this country. Our current leadership tells stories disregarding the truth as to the current state of containing this virus. We are faced daily with baseless facts that are plain lies designed to sway peoples ignorance about the handling of the virus. Most educated people do not believe that this pandemic is under control by this administration.
covid, racest, people rioting
conspiracies, online misinformation, domestic terrorism
Pandemic. The decline of the middle class.
Donald Trump and his mouth
I believe the most important problem facing this county is the lack of following God and keeping God in their lives.
National Debt. I dont know how we can just keep spending without any conciquences in the future
The virus The wayTrump handled it
COVID-19 impoacts on the economy.
The covid virus
corona virus economy systemic racism in the police force
Voter Fraud is the main issue today.
-9
covid-19! people losing jobs, losing their businesses,  cant live your life anymore.
COVID pandemic and all the issues that it has created
povertyhealth
Coronavirus and racial and political party tension
Systemic racism
This country problems are the national debt, the media picking sides and the favt that term limits are needed
American response to COVID-19 has been terrible overall.
Healthcare, racism, coronavirus, economic inequality
evonomy, unemployment, crime and violence
covid19 the slow response by goverment to get us aid
Covid virus....finding a vacine
the worth of a dollar, since of community is gone
-9
COVID-19 pandemic and number of rising cases
COVID is affecting the economy  as many Americans have lost their jobs and did not receive the extra 60..0 many people got and didnt need
I do believe in free speech, however, I do believe there is a time and place for it.  WE THE PEOPLE have taken this thought of freedom too far.  What we believe and think in our minds sometimes is not thought about before we speak.  People in general do not think about how they say what they believe and it in turn causes other people to go into fight or flight mode and hurt others in return.  It is a cycle that has gone too far and has hurt us and U.S.  This is also what I believe is Trumps problem and where he failed as a President to lead our NAtion.
covid - the economy and the dividetgst trump is creating by blatant lies. i am honesyky frightened for the future baded on a lot of falsehoods
capitalism, rasicisim, racial profiling, biased iedas
First- We can never forget this:" a house divided against itself cannot stand"Second- Put more attention to the economics.
people getting along
coronavirus- no safe virus yet
The Pandemic until this problem is resolved, we can not improve the economy, safely send our kids back to school, send workers back to their jobs, and reduce the isolation of all.
covid shutdown of businesses, closing of schools, illnesses, etc.
racial/social divide
economy with so many people losing their jobs and savings
health issuesmxe7k
Racial injusticeclimate changelack of leadership
racismo no hay igualdad
-9
covidsocial unrestclimate change
The push for socialism
Covid-19There seems to be no end in sight . It just keeps surging
The fact that the sitting President is clearly planning a coup of the government, the pandemic being so incredibly mismanaged, the economy
Coronavirus has to be handled. We need a nationwide mask order and shutdowns in hotspots. It needs not to be political.
Democraps and their socialist views
Number one problem is not controlling covid. we should be on lock down and pay citiznes like other countries have done.  ALso approve a stimulus.
how divided we are, bringing us together.
The coronavirus pandemic, but more broadly, the nation's inability under Trump to grapple with the problem seriously, both on a moral and intellectual level (i.e, think clearly and act decisively to address the issue, as other countries have done).
COVID - We need to address the virusEconomy #2
CoVid PandemicNegative attitude of our nation.Economy
-1
weare let9ng AOC in g0v.
Racial Problems
Republicans attacking and delegitimizing the voting process - a process that is the bedrock of our government.
The problem with people not acknowledge racism
All election procedures should be the same in every state.
The lack of common goals for the country. Everything has become so political that each party will vote against an issue, even if it benefits the country, if one party feels it will benefit the other party. Very sad.
Climate change, racial inequality, COVID, keeping the economy good
employment hard to get decent jobs
There is a lack of patriotism
Covid, racism, heslthcare, economy
lack of unity with all citizens in this country
Rscism and the basic human rights of POC and LGBTQ people being threatened
people pay too much time and attention on social media.
Marxism, communism and radical extremist groups like Antifa, BLM,
The division of our country - ugly. We are all Americans and should be seen as such with freedoms and rights.  We should not be defined solely by a political party.
the horrible mess of COVID.  Mask mandates are terrible.  mandatory vaccines would be a disaster.  untrustworthy science.  biased journalists.  healthcare system is disease management vs. promoting & helping increase health.  social media platform censorship.  5G.  possible voter fraud.  the country/world is a disaster!
The hate and disconnect between political parties, races, sex and gender, etc.
Making sure the people come first. Any America first policy should start with the people, not corporations and billionaires
Lack of Christian values, hiveminded individuals, lockdowns, gay agenda
the war on drugs needs to endmachine guns should be legalless govt
Voter Fraud - I think that the election this year was a mess.
Democrats,  mob violence,
Health care-because the cost is out of control.
coronavirus spread in the US is out of control.
education and media
COVID-19 I am [REDACTED AGE], Vaccine, open country, open schools, JOBS
healthcare access and cost
-5
global warming time is running out to turn this around
individual liberty and autonimy
Meeting the basic needs of all
covids effect on the economy.
healthcare covid unemployment
COVID we need to find a way to stop the spead
Partisanship. This country is too divided and there is too much hatred.
Systemic racism,  Corona Virus, economical inequities
coronavirus. When will there be a vaccine or cure.
division, there is great efforts to divide the people,   and create separation, we are all human and we can do great things together
Police brutality with African American people
Racial justice, Covid-19, Evictions, increasing homelessness, student loan debt, white supremacy
the virus & the unemployment
Getting the Covid-19 Pandemic under control.
Rampant racism/sexism and some people's denial of their problems.
money financial struggle
police brutality
racism, immigration, donald trump as president
-9
corruption in politics
Bias in the news media...FAKE NEWS
socialism, racisim, poverty and big business, and politicians
Covid..Testing..Tracking..Comprehensive Approach For Long Term Success Climate Change/Global Warning Economy..Jobs..Small Biz..Safe.SchoolsTerm Limits ...Stop Dark MoneyPolicing Reform To Learn DeescalationBut...a#1 Is Handling Covid Crisis
Division and economy.
Coronavirus, racial injustice, the economy, lack of investmrnt in education, global warming
Rightvnow, Covid 19.
some much going on that we wont be able to change or fix all we need to help are people and the
hyper profit driven market. too many people believe what is available is all there is
covid 19, people are not taking it serious. the president is not handing it right.
HEALTH CARE, THE WAY WE TAKE CARE OF THE ELDERLY AND VETS AND THE HOMELESS
trump,people not liking people because their color
Systematic racism. Our country was built on systematic racism and it is still a dominate part of our country
corruption, post-capitalism, fascism, racism,
unity, covid, religious freedom, keeping our democracy - not socialism
pandemic, divisiveness
Our country has been divided severely for the last 4 years, and continues with those that voted for Trump that still think he should be president.
The fear of implementing social justice correctly
increase in violence, lack of morals
the media is bad. it doesnt tell the truth it is one sided
Affordable health care
Handling the COVID-19 pandemic.
economy, distributing vaccine, illegal immigration, maintaining constitutional rights, national security
i think that we are very divided  right now i think that the news is one sided delending on which channel, its ridiculous.  no one is giving us americans the truth its all corrupt.  and covid
Racial Tension
COVID, unemployment, small businesses not doing well
The pandemicRacismEconomic issueshigh level division
covid19 shutdown
Student debt, healthcare, equality, and big businesses
the covid 19 pandemic
Covid ( demanding closures of businesses, forcing people to go on unemployment, and causing them financial ruin.
Covid 19 virus pandemic and US infected numbers rising
the pandemic warfinancial stability
housing and healthcare.
Social media
people are jobless upset and have terrible attitudes. the covid is totally crazy and we shouldn't have to wear masks its against the constitution of the united states. people forgot what america is and will never be the same were forced into slavery by our own parents.
The pandemic has been the biggest problem in this country.
immigration is out of control.  illegal immigrants are being favored too much.
polarization--2 widely divergent political camps undermine efforts to contain COVID, and huge gap between rich and poor means way too many people live in perilous circumstances
pandimic pepole need a unifided front, we need solutions and not mixed message from the president. we need people to use there comon sense! we need the TRUTH.
Sex Trafficking
COVID 19- The policies and structures that can either maintain the safety of the American people during the Pandemic or put more at risk
Discrimination, low salaries, inequality
Political bullying. Censorship. Cancel culture. Left progression.
Divise between democrats and republicans
Being taken over by communists
lots and lots of problems too manytomention
goverment lying and cheating american people
Socialism, Illegal Immigration, Muslim Immigration, Gang Violence, BLM terrorists...
Covid-19 pandemic shutdown and Unemployment
COVID-19 and the ability to get people to take it seriously and follow recommendations from health officials.
covid pandemic. there has been bad leadership in handling of derectives following scientific evidence from the Trump administration
climbing covid cases and the impact on the economy
Covid-19 is a crisis that impacts every aspect of life in this country from physical and mental health to the economy. Until it is managed properly from a Federal level we cannot even begin to address many other issues.
Covid,getting everyone to wear masks and help each other to not spread the virus, too many people think its a hoax and don’t wear ppe
loss of the American way
the media and politician trying to divide the country and the people. by not moving on and focusing on what we all have in common and not the difference. Also stop creating program the hold people back instead of pulling them forward and get them dependent on hand outs.
Covid, systematic racism, gender issues.
power hungry governers with disregard for all americans rights.
Leadership through this pandemic from our president to maximize survival of our citizens.
Universal Healthcare Gun lawsSystematic Racism
how hard/expensive medicine and education are to access for a majority of people, Corruption in political offices, police forces not having proper training, recidivism in or criminal justice system, the growing wealth gap,
America is loosing unity -we are extremely politically divided nation now
our lying president who spreads hate and disinformation
no law and order
The Senate and the Congress. MSM and fradulent government.
coronavirus pandemic - science/evidence based approach to containment with federal unified effort. Health care - should be a right not a luxury. Income disparity between richest/poorest. Keeping small business/business diversity thriving - antitrust.
Healthcare insurance and Covid 19
immigration problem and the covid 19
Trump, anti-science feelings
PandemicEconomy Healthcare
jobs. money. food
La cuarentena...
coronavirus.. Hazard pay. remote learning.
economy, national security and health care
I dont know
Covid-19 is a threat to life
racism, unemployment, wage gap, intolerance
policemen should all die
Managing the wealth gap. Managing social media's impact on society. Managing funds for police to provide more regular, job specific training on a more regular basis. The growing homeless population.
Cancel Culture and division on both sides
truth in news coveragestaying a democratic country
Division, racism, lack of unity, DONALD TRUMP, recession due to pandemic, climate change, erosion of freedoms, protection of environment
covid, and racial discord
division. to many people hate each other
Hatred for others
covid 19 and the the financial uncertainty and no cure
president Trump needs to grow up and act like an adult. The repubicans also need to grow a pair of balls and stand up to the kindergardener in the white house. we need adults who act like adults to run this country
voter fraud antifa civil unrest highjacking the black lives matter movement
jobs, infractructrure as well as immergration. social unrest can be tracked to jobs.
election fraud voter registration
covid lets get this fix
covid-19, national debt, and critical infrastructure
covid numbers going up
pandemic, division between left and right
Black Lives Matter
election cheating and rioting and looting violence
Too much tension/turmoil between the left and right, wasteful spending on all levels, poor leadership.
covid-19 and the crash of the economy
our leaders, classism, rascism, Medicare, handling of covid
COVID, racial injustice, economic inequality
COVID-19–controlling the spread in order to keep businesses operating
Abortion is killing innocent babies and contributing to the demoralizing of our society.
VIRUS ECONOMY CHINA
economyracismabortion
End abortion. I believe if the sanctity of life for both unborn and the elderly.
1. The growing threat of the PRC across many spectrums. Military, Intelligence, Trade, etc.
en primer lugar lapandemia la mala economia  elracismo el divisionismo  etc etc
COVID-19 THE PANDEMIC
Racism - if all are going to be equal, we need to stop all from having special groups/events (NAACP, Miss Black USA, etc.) unless all, including whites (Caucasians) can also have.
excessive deficit spending
Donald Trump's political and social divisiveness, narcissistic political goals, rejection of science, politicization of masks
covid- get this under control
PANDEMIC,HEALTH,UNEMPLOYMENT AND IMIGRATION
Racism
Lot of empty buildind that can be fixed up and rented to small business
The Presidential Election controversy. CoronavirusRace Issues
Lack of leadership and respect.
Climate change is largely being ignored by the US government and the world, and the changes happening to the Earth as a result are not slowing down. Sea levels will rise in the next few decades, destroying land, which will in turn kill millions of people (largely people of color), and cause many species to go extinct.
COVID 19 - eliminating risk of transmission and reopening businesses
Government getting too big, intrusive
COVID-19, SOCIAL JUSTICE REFORM, ECONOMY
-9
Complete Conflict.  Spend time and effort contributing to a positive environment vs. deflection and blame
COVID --public health of our country
i think we need to weather COVID-19.
Getting COVID-19 under control so that businesses/individuals can get back to normal
china, terrorism, civil unrest = socialist agenda, corruption,
Small states control too much power within the senate leading to obstruction and preventing governance.
lack of compassion, empathy, understanding, and respect
ELECTION FRAUD, FAKE JOURNALISTS THAT ARE RUN BY THE DEMOCRATS, THE SWAMP IS BEING REFILLED, FAKE NEWS, SOCIALISTS DISGUISED AS DEMOCRATS.  DEMOCRAT PROPAGANDA DISGUISED AS NEWS AND MEDIA, JOE BIDEN NOT BEING ABLE TO SERVE HIS TERM AND KAMALA HARRIS BECOMING OUR PRESIDENT IS VERY SCARY
Getting the economy started back up
lack of accepting diversity
- racism -ICE-equality
covid-19 is a disease that we need to get under control.
The division, racism, sexism
pandemic and the country seems devided and needs to come together
Too many of American jobs have been sent to China and other countries.
mental illness police violence
Right now just racism
-9
economy worry for the country to go broke
Bringing the economy back, creating more jobs.
I feel right now the biggest issues facing our country arePolice Brutality's Covid-19and Global Warming
housing gor low income food for low incomeHomelessness !!! things ate only done for the rich
Racial justice, I do not think we will get anywhere until all our citizens are treated equally.
Donald Trump I don't use profanity normally, so since I can't think of ONE good thing to say about him, best to say nothing.
I think having a president that is so divisive is a huge pain point. Police restructuring is something that could be addressed.
Dealing with the ongoing Covid -19 crisis and providing free healthcare to all american citiziens
Donald Trump-strong leader but was unable to unify the  country
economy, jobs,
Help for the people that has lost their jobs as well as their health benefits.  The way Trump is dividing the country.
money is not much now to live on
Environmental issues. The earth is dying and people are turning it into a political issue
Inequalities in education and race. Economic inequalities.
news not being honest
Healthcare coverage
institutional racismincome inequalityclimate changecitizens unitedpolice militarizationreligious influence on politicslgbtqia+ rights inequalityinstitutional misogynymilitary industrial complexus military overreach
of course there are more than one problem. biggest and more important is human and child trafficking
Injustice, prejudice
el desempleo por el covi
Big government - is taking over more and more of our lives and our money. The COVID lockdowns have deprived individuals of their freedoms in inconsistent ways.
Government division, and wage gaps
Impending climate crisis
Covid-19, Liberals
Division in this country means that our leaders will be unable to accomplish anything.
the virus , we need to DUMP TRUMP and get on with busness at hand
Over dramatization of Covid-19
Corona, global warming, racial inequality, education inequality, lack of laws to support a middle class instead of the super wealthy
bipartisanship in politics and the two-party system.
systemic racism, environment; covid 19, unemployment
Economic instability exacerbated by COVID and the Senate's inability to pass comprehensive relief in the forms of money or healthcare.
racism, police brutality
Corona epidemic
I believe our nation needs to focus on itself.  We need to not only take care of our own people, but we need to make sure we are more competitive than any other country.  This means we must continue to renegotiate bad trade deals and treaties where the USA is paying the majority sum.  A lot of money that goes to foreign aid and organizations should go to our own people, and maybe toward a workable solution to immigration where Central Americans can work in the USA and earn citizenship.
People on many subsidized programs that reduce their need to work or seek to aspire to their reach goals in a productive society. People not working because they are happy just staying home and do not need or have the desire to better themselves. Tha attitude of wach generation and what they believe the government should do for them. Many are not taking responsibility when they bring a child into the world!
Division of all types
Earth's warming because of green house gasses
covid 19, not enough safety precautions in place
Corona Virus is rampant in the US, Hospital capacity is full and people are divided and angry about waring masks and social distancing and Donald Trump is delusional and sewing disinformation about herd immunity.
Covid19. Citizens divided against each other. The damage caused by the Trump administration in regard to hollowing out government agencies, screwing up international agreements,  and undermining our status in the world.
poverty depression
Divison potential for unrest
-9
Social and economic inequality
illegal immigrants.
brother against brother.We are all human and came from One male and one female.We need to start living each other instead of hating.
building our infrastructure.
All things considered, and there are many, I believe China is the biggest threat.
Corona virus is killing the us
the Covid virus, economy, health care, division,
The Democratic Party/Deep State/Media bloc.
COVID-19 Pandemic
Covid, Climate change, inequality
Housing prices, inner city and rural education, environment, allowing work for all people and having hiring them easier for employers. If taxes are so high, we will not hire or even claim cash. Our country will suffer. Tax trash and pollution. Care for the community and prosper in work.
Systemic Racism
That we help out other contries more than we help our own.
corruption
Urban Schools are terrible and are largely not able to be reformed. This affected Blacks and Hispanics to a great extent. Urban areas suffer homelessness, drugs, high crime and bad schools. This seems to be the result of one party rule. We need the characteristics from both parties.
liberal movement
political disagreements among leaders not enough internal productions for daily products because most of the goods are from China in which have lots of economic power
POVERTY, INEQUALITY, CORRUPTION
Rising cost of living
Healthcare being a privilege and not a right
poor social support programs like healthcare, unemployment, etc
covid-19 response
not sure, theres to many to name. seems its being covered and handled and alot of mixed reviews on how it should be
covid and maybe war
Division
covid - multifaceted.  punctuates what happens when we have leadership more interested in self aggrandisement rather than the public good.  This has caused a health crisis, economic crisis, expanded disparity and lack of trust in public institutions.
racism.   immigration.  the haves and have nots  to many people are hurting financially  they need our help
The coronavirus
blm vs police, social structure, COVID19, relations with other countries
Fear of the constitution being changedover taxedhealth care
COVID above all at this moment.
Lack of trust in politicans and police department.
Unity needs to be better
Homelessness....crime, trash and filth
Covid 19US Congress
pandemic, economy, division, environment issues, too much hatred and violence, toi much business in politics and vice versa, need to establish relations with world leaders
The "little people" are in for a rude awakening when Joe gets in.
covid is running rampant
To control COVID-19 from spreading then get more people back to work by boosting business.
division, too many groups of strong opinions dividing the country.
covid, small business, education, deficit
The hatred between Republicans and Democrats
Job loss, Racisim,
coviddemocracyhuman rightsenvironmental issues
Socioeconomic/racial/gender inequality.
country is too dependent on china, counytry needs unity, health care and chilf care issues, leave for when havibgba child, sick leave
The economy - putting people who have lost their jobs back to work. Financially supporting people whom have lost their jobs during COVID 19. Discrimination against black Americans and other minorities. Politician corruption i.e. getting rich goal as opposed to serving the public good; different rules for senators/congressmen such as different health care - wrong it doesn't align behavior for the public good. Dissolving the middle class.
COVID-19 AND PRESIDENT
Mistrust in goverment local and federal.
White male heterosexual supremacy
Federal Budget
Keeping Socialists out of government.  Getting people back to work after Covid.  Helping the businesses that have been shut down by mayors & govs.Get kids back to school.  Upset with teachers unions. Happy with Pres Trump's vaccine development and distribution.
the mainstream media and their use of fear monguring to influence their wants and needsdivision
COVID-19schism between the 2 partieseconomyracial issues
inequitable outcomes related to racial inequities
Civil unrest - people are taking to the streets and causing damage and violence for no good reason.
socialism is trying to creep in...ehich leads to communism ehich will dedtroy our  freedoms...like it has done other countries
Healthcare...rising prices and low wages ...housing...too much red tape to get things moving (top heavy administration).. .corrupt voting (this election had way too much fraud regarding voting and ballets)
division and honesty
covid, unequality, umemployment insurane mim wage and especially capital hill
i feel the black community can be treated better in this county and we need ti get rid of police brutality its not the best look in america..... we should get rid of the congress flag too and make it illigal to have like in germany they git rid of the nazi flag and made ir illigal to have in there county..... children should feel safe to wear a hoodie and feel safe..... woth corana mask should be worn everywhere.... for others safty
coronavirus is the most immediate
socilism and the Democrat power strugal
Division between races as well as political parties.
homelessness . there are not enough shelters or resources for the homeless tobetter help them get out of their current situation
-1
Immigration. Treatment of fellow human beings.
post covid economy; widening wealth gap; mass incarceration; dogmatic ideologies strengthened by confirmation bias from the internet
the way the voting was done.  covid 19
Healthcare and job pay
Divided by politics.  Too much fighting within our government. Let President Trump do his job and stop the fighting. My God, he has no need to get into politics. He is trying to help us!
-9
Division. This country is like a spoiled child, trained to take things for granted, and not being thankful, or forgetting when we were not so blessed and well off.
President Trump and Republican office holders
Fictions Trumping Facts
COVID-19 Pandemic
I believe this country faces many problems such as a small amount of citizens hold a majority of America's wealth and unequal opportunities for people of different skin color.
partisan devisiveness, global warming, national debt
Discrimination of people of color.
Covid-19 is hurting peoples lives and income
Peace among police and civilians.
Rise of violence, violence against police, rise of socialism.
covid- pwople loosing jobs due to covid, small businesses shutting down due to la k of government help, kids not learning at school because of remote schooling, health expenses due to covid affecting population
-9
getting trump ouy
A major increase in covid cases throughout the country.
healthcarejobsmoney
The biggest problem is that regardless if you are a democrat or republican, We as a country are so divided and are making politics more important than working together for our country.
we need to unite as a nation and stop feeding the hate of racism.
Coronavirus, Economy, Unemployment, Racists
Income inequality, climate change, racial injustice, and polarized views.
Covid-19 pandemic is the main problem at this time as it has taken lives and livelihoods of all people.
Pandemic medical and economic effects
lack of social safety nets ,  need for term limits at federal level , judical reform , & federal election reform
covid 19 the numbers are still goin up everything needs to be shut back down again
-9
economy,pandemic,health
The Covid-19 crisis.
COVID19 - we responsible citizens are all trapped in our homes for our own safety and that of others. I miss teaching my students in person. I miss traveling to [REDACTED LOCATION] to see my [REDACTED RELATIONSHIP].
Mass media influence being abused by big tech company's and politicians. Shameful!
Deciding how much governemnt intrusion to allow/infringememt of our freedoms
Climate change, inequality, broken schools, rampant incarceration, etc.
covid , cybersecurity
COVID - over 200k people are dead in America.
la descriminacion
covid 19 pandemic
covid-19 deaths and economic shut downs
Election FraudSocialism & Indoctrination in such in government schools, colleges & universitiesIllegal Immigration
The obvious one is of course the corona virus pandemic, then the racial issues and then our economy and our dept and environment.
covid-19unemployement
Handling of the pandemic
our country has got to get covid 19 under control as it affects jobs, education and so much more
racism-inequites experinced by african americans: injustices of every aspect of life
Poverty in this country. Richer are getting richer and poor are getting poor. Hate it's more open then before because of our former Presendent
UNITY OF RACES, PEOPLE NEED TO LOVE TRUST AND GET ALONG TOGETHER
An increasingly polarized population, divided by a kind of neo-tribalism. Identity politics has led to a culture of privilege through victimhood. Debate and problem solving using facts, logic and reason are abandoned in favor of skape-goating and name calling.The media has become increasingly propaganda and estranged from facts and reason, further exacerbating this problem.
health care for all
racial inequality.  financial losseshealth care inequities.  housing prices     government not understanding poor communties needs.
Disclosure of truth. Too many secrets in government. Lacks openess. Under the table dealings. Big money controlling things.
polarized society and the respect for law and constitution is down in the people even among the lawyers and the judges.
Racism is a major problem in our country.
Income inequality, which leads to disparities in generational wealth-building, health and education. Social injustice. Environmental degradation.
One important issue is that people want to defund the police department.  Law Enforcement is necessary in this country.  The majority of the law enforcement community are good people looking to help those in need, but you only hear about the bad things in the media.
political brinkism
economics. jobs
COVID 19, Unemployment, Support on Big Businesses and Not Small Businesses, Focus on the rich and not the average person, Racism
People are out of control, lawlessness prevails in their lives and no respect for anyone else.
COVID and finding a vaccine.
Deep StateAll major media controlling the news flowDemocrats cheat the People's vote by using Dominion voting software
Corporate greed, Diversity.
Covid pandemic, lack of mandated restrictions in some states. Lack of respect to others.
intense division amonst Americans.
Covid , riots,  marches
Covid19unemploymentidiot current president...dangerous!
Divisiveness, including racism.  We have to work together as a nation to protect the rights of all of our citizens.
inability to see others point of view.
Trump politicized, ignored Covid and its saferty measures. Trump & his enablers need to all
coronavirus is the biggest oroblemto me for now
Misinformation, racism, education, climate & environment and the scourge on American minds carried out by Fox News and American exceptionalism.
racism black are wanting more than they need
the depth and breadth of misinformation permeating social media thanks to Putin, right wing nuts and wannabe youtube stars
The economy and education are the most important problems with the US. People are encouraged accept increase unemployment benefits and stimulus payments rather than finding jobs. The jobs are demanding more stressful dealing with Covid. Most workers are not getting hazard pay and are dealing exhausting conditions. ALL WORKING PEOPLE SHOULD BE GETTING HAZARD PAY!
Covid-19 pandemic around the country
racial divide, the pandemic, divide between the 2 political parties
-1
failure to really look at white privilege and the way it effects so many other problems and challenges in our country
uemployment, covid-19, poverty, unaccountable police
Health care, preexisting conditions
pandemic, racism, economy
Division among people, hatred. No patriotism to our country. Social media has destroyed our country.
jobs health and we have become a very angry nation due to a very childish president
Pandemic, Economy, health care improvements, fairness to ALL people
racism and covid
social media. Social media over the last decade has destroyed out country. It has made people too sensitive, and it has given those who do not deserve one a pedal stool to preach from. Our country is more divided now than it ever has been, and something needs to change.
Global warmingDebtCorruption
Government- Lying - No one is held accountable. (2).  Immagration.(3).  Education.  Enough of these micky mouse courses.  Degrees where you can get a job. Liberalism is rampit.  Afraid to speak your mind and not be punished by getting a lessor grade.
international landscape
Equality overall between races, genders, religions, etc.
that everything is so polarizing or put another way, that everyone is so divided on every front
Business greed.  Not an equal distribution on profits made to employees who make the company perform well.
Unification and world leadership after Trump.  China!  The chinese military build up in the Pacific, under Obama's watch, will lead to conflict in the next twent years.
covid 19Healthcare
socialism having the government in control.
Leftist politicians/media/BLM/Antifa and their hatred for the founding principles of America.
economic recovery from pandemic
covid,need to get a handle on it
radical socialist anti America agenda
The integrity of the FBI, DOJ based on past conduct; law and order;the censorship imposed by social media, the intolerance in the country; the sanctity of the vote
poverty: too many people in this country struggle to survive. its disgusting
-1
Racism racial injustices in policing and economic issues.
Liberal and somewhat unpatriotic teaching at Universities and secondary schools
excessive debt is creating a horrible problem for the future and will lead to national bankruptcy
inability to have differing points of view and constructive conversation hatred for police officers
DJT, most corrupt, racist, incompetent person to ever hold office of president
STOP THE SOCALIST MOVEMENT.  KEEP OUR ECONOMY STRONG
Broken economyDivided population
Racial, Social & Cultural Divide
THERE ARE MANY PROBLEMS, ONE IS THE HUGE PARTY DIVIDE IN THIS COUNTRY.
the election was rigged
Covid-19 pandemic needs to be addressed and cases reduced.
immagration, polarization between democrats and republicans, and the terrible legacy that trump leaves
Everyone rioting its gone to be way too much
The most immediate problem facing the country is the pandemic. At first I thought that the Trump administration had mishandled its pandemic response, but seeing the resurgence in COVID cases in Europe where the government response had been swifter and more uniform, I'm not sure that the issue is as black and white as that.Another problem is the division and discord among different groups in this country. This encompasses economic inequality, racial tension, and political and religious differences. Any disagreement is very emotionally charged and anyone with an incorrect opinion is at risk of getting "cancelled" with their career and reputation being attacked.Other major problems include the lack of universal healthcare and climate change. I'm also worried about our long-term ability to pay out social security especially by the time I retire in 40-ish years.
covid 19immigration, children separated at borderthe constant lying by our presidenteconomy
Racism, COVID control and wage issues.
President attempting to delegitimise the election, covid-19
racism still going on
AbortionBig governmentCulture warPolarization of politicsBLM movementLiberalsLegacy media
pandemic which has led to job loss and illness and death
Systemic racism
COVID killing people
racism, womans rights
our response to Covid19
racism, handling the pandemic.
The Pandemic, world climate change, plastic in the oceans, the environment.
THE PANDEMIC AND ECONOMY
-1
Covid-19 Racial discrimination
climate change, education system that prepares people for the real world, stengthening social justice, need FTC and SEC to do it’s job to regulate large corporations.
none at the moment
climate change, covid 19, racial inequality, women's rights
Government taking care of other countries before looking out for our own best interests.
i honestly believe that Joe Biden is going to collapse the United States. I feel it will be run like russia.
Polarization, Unequal economy
the constant lies. what is the truth!? why is the media wanting to create a war!
racism many people are being treated depending thier color.imigration people should be given the chance to stay and prove how they can be a benifit to this country
economy. reopening businesses.
The Covid pandemic and the U.S. not aggressively attacking it.  And the economy as impacted by the pandemic.
The nation's poor response to the Covid crisis has prolonged the spread of the virus, resulting in more infections, more deaths and more economic hardship than otherwise would have occurred.
The environmentSocial divisionEconomic division
Presidential transition
Fair medical care.
Covid  Lack of Respect via news, social media, for Elected Officials
covid 19 virus making people sick and dying and people out of work. I believe the drug companies are trying their best to come up with a vaccine and/or cure.
no one working together in congress. lack of faith in news, over dependance on social media...it skews everything. the division we are facing from everyone picking sides and not accepting differences. we are imploding
there are some people that think they my loose their jobs in social services
racial inequality, batting climate change, immigration policies
racism and political parties
This is tough, I think there are so many things. I think the number one is the coronavirus pandemic since we cannot tackle the other issues without this one first.
money disrobution
pandemicvaccineseconomy
economic well beinghealth careforeign policy
the largest problem is losing our rights and mostly right to choose amything. more social programs means less money in my pocket to choose. losing capitalism means losing the foundation in which our wealth has been based on. freedom to choose with money sparked the industrial revolution.
cost of living does not match up with earnings
Currently, handling the pandemic outbreak. Then rebuilding the economy. Health care.
currently election fraud.disrespect to our President.false or slanted reporting by much of the medianeed you concentrate on going forward with the economy and take many restrictions off people regarding covid19
kindness towards and respect for othersp
RACISM GJOES BOTH WAYS IN THIS COUTRY BUT ON THE WHOLE I THINK THAT MOST PEOPLE ARE ACCEPTABLE OF OTHERS
uninformed politicians
El problema es la falta de educacion de la gente que puede elegir sus representantes, porque no leen , no se educan y se dejan convencer por los partidos tradicionales , los cuales no nos representan.
policegangsproverty,etc
covid  19
Economic shutdown of country; corruption of government employees at all levels.
Universal health care
people not following the bible
COVID-19.
Culture war, online censorship, and bias news.
immigration. costing americans too much money
1.  Encroaching capital S Socialism - see Saul Alinsky, Venezuela - and our nation's ignorance of the history of socialism and the massive loss of lives and freedoms that attend it everywhere it's been implemented2.  Economic fallout from Covid; death of our small business base
Systemic racism at the local and national levels.
The fact that our country is turning into a socialist country.
Climate change, racial inequality, education
Control the coronavirus
divisiveness, us against them. cant seem to work with the other side for good for all. covid causing many to need help
Political corruption, especially during the 2020 Presidential election.  Others include:  VP Biden's son Hunter being allowed to benefit from foreign bribes and now his father appears to be President elect.  Liberal media bias and corrupt reporting.  Dealing with the growing threat of the Chinese.  Erosion of civil liberties and social corruption. Tech media influencing social and political issues.  And, the US government dept.
COVID-19 explosion (a result of Trump's ego and not listening to, or following, experts advice), Reunification of America (torn apart from Trump's actions, especially those post- election), Recognition of, and solution to, the impact of Climate Change (a gross Trump failure), Some Type of Universal Healthcare (a Trump failure), Restoring the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds (a Trump failure), Strong gun control laws and enforcement, Condemnation of White Supremacists' (another Trump failure).
Corona Virus: Ruining our country.
SYSTEMIC RACISM.
getting control of covid19
Election problems, mistrust of our politicians, big government inserting itself into private America. Term limits for our elected officials. Racism
Covid - failure to have a unified message about how to combat it.  Politicizing a health crisis.
The coronavirus is the biggest threat right now. Also the economy is bad right now. And we need better resources to help out the poor. Also ICE needs to be investigated for human trafficking and mistreatment of prisoners.
Respect for one another differences in back grounds, Love and unity
the covid 19 losing to many lives
Working to get the pandemic under control.
COVID-19 Pandemic/healthcare
honesty in government but that'll never happen
Leadership regarding Covid 19
covid19
Systematic racism, white supremacy, ice separating families, lgbtq+ rights, equal pay for women, student debt, national debt, lacking a moral leader
Obviously Coronavirus
The fact that ALL LIVES MATTER!
-9
The NationalDebt. The dollar has lost its value. we have inflation.
dishonest politicians
economy due to coronavirus
economic climate and opportunity without interference from government
Abortion, Election Fraud and cheating by the democrats
political polarization
covid-19 is being handled poorly!
-9
salud y migración
Spread of misinformation and armchair experts
medical cost coveragetoo many people not paying their part. Too many on welfare
the way coronavirus and the economy is being handled
-1
Health care, child care and education.
The Pandemic. Without some form of inoculation against the Covid the country cannot safely reopen. Also need a nationwide Track and Trace system that doesn't conflict with Civil Rights.
Social economic inequality
People dying alone and unloved.
Pulling the country together again. Bipartisan voting on all levels of government. Fixing the two party system. Presidental Elections should go to a popular vote system. Presidents party affiliation should be the last criteria for your vote.
socialism & illegal immigration
Global warming--destruction of the global environment due to human activity
world peace..all of humanity should take more responsibility for the world..we should be all putching in everything thats needs help in ghis world ..which is alot
1. Progressives in the Democratic Party pushing the country too far left, toward socialism.2. Me Too Movement is a problem because it's just another extremest group bullying its way toward an agenda, which is to discredit powerful men by charging them with crimes that happened sometimes 30 years ago. It's just not fair and the country should't indulge such behavior. And please, please, free Bill Cosby!!!3. Black Lives Matter is yet another extremest group lobbying for black people who have their own set of problems not caused by our current society (or slavery). Black people cause their own problems because black men continue to father scores and scores of babies with black women and never stick around, so no family unit. This leaves scores of single black women raising upwards of 10 children at a time. That leads nowhere but to poverty and continues to cost the U.S. billions of dollars a year in welfare. If blacks want their lives to matter, black leaders need to step up and stop blaming society and starting taking a hard look at their own issues caused completely by black people themselves. Also, 1/2 to 2/3 of the black population is low-IQ, so no fix for that, just acceptance.
COVID-19 - This is devastating the economy and taking a terrible toll on business and the country's mental health.
racism, police brutality, poverty, homelessness, access to health care
viruse we need to stop this now
Abortion. We're murdering children and they don't have a voice. Every person has a right to live, including unborn. The only exception should be endangerment of the life of the mother.
poverty, lack of affordable healthcare, environmental change, response to pandemic, misuse of taxpayer dollars, corrupt elected officials, need for police reform, wage disparities, high cost of college, lack of proper education
Systemic racism, capitalism, homelessness, a pandemic, white supremacist groups/ organizations, unemployment, healthcare
division between people for differences
racisimdiscriminationa lot of white people have found it very comfortable to express and voice themselves by killing bullying minorities since donald trump has been president, he wanted to make america great again by killing off our minorites and cutting them off from things and people. he wanted that wall and he got that wall smh
racism, there is too much hate out there.
Corona virus #1 Unstable U. S. President, ACA - Affordable Care Act, immigration, climate change, foreign relations/policies, civil rights, unemployment
-9
there is too much division going on caused by racisim and different views
Getting the virus under control so our economy and educational system can thrive
corona virus
dishonest politicians
trump leaving . probably won't leave willingly
the homeless population and drugs
election security
Covid19 need to find a cure
We need to unify and respect each others differences, views and opinions.
Healthcare costs
-1
economy, healthcare
TRUTH IN COMMUNICATION!
Economy and Health Insurance
the long creep of communism
Covid-19 and all the health and economic problems it has created
Environment - too much pollution. Needs to be more strict.Gun Control - too many school shootings and death by guns. Should be more strict and no automatic weapons allowed.Abortions should be the choice of women.
Lack of civil dialogue and confirmation bias.
divisiveness between groups, lack of respect for differences, close mindedness
Back to somewhat normal with work, schools, etc.
inequity between the races
COVID 19 SPREAD
racism homeless lack of good paying jobs.
No jobs and racism and above all health Care
police brutality and also the pro choice because women should be able to choose what to do with their bodys and men shouldnt have an oppinion on it and also the discrimenation that they gove to poc comunity
covid, being united, health care
ignorance, people aren’t educated enough to make reasoned decisions
Abortion, Riots/Looting, Attacks on Police, Economics
A pandemic  that needs to be solved the right way
-Racial discord-COVID 19-provision of livable Wages -Healthcare-police Brutality-Grossly Inflated wages for politicians and legislators-life-time appointments to political and judiciary posts -PARTISAN legislaors - working for personal interest instead of the good of our country.
People are living so much in the past that there is such a hate for America right now. Everyone is getting offended so easily. Cops can't do their job because they are getting in trouble for handling criminals. More and more people want to live in this country and not do their part.
Problemas de los costos medicos no hay un buen plan medico para la clase media y pobre
Our nation coming together to get a handle on covad and quelling it by actually following real scientist stopping the propaganda and those making covad a political issue.
Unity (it is not the UNITED states of America anymore)
liberal thinking
trade deficit and racial discrimination.
covidtoo much big governmentChina
Pandemic, unemployment, income inequality, racial injustice, police brutality, women's rights, political corruption.
Lack of Patriotism
Racism and a general lack of empathy for each other
collusion between democrat party and national press/media
i think it's time to put Covid to rest, stop testing and putting out fakse results, open up the country, let businesses prosper, and STOP giving more to those on unemployment.
Economic inequality, parochialism (concern only with those sharing one's own community, economic class, ethnicity, religion, etc.), systemic racism, political division / partisanship, loss of civility, the conceptualization of truth/facts as somehow subjective.
corona virus out of control
racism between colores and believers.
-1
COVID shutting the economy down and making everyone scared
pandemic, hurting economy as a result of lack of national leadership/response to coronavirus, division of the country
Wealth Inequality
electral votesnot wright
Poor public education and university education
racism, and need for equality
Abortion-this country can not be blessed as long as we kill babies
present president handling of everything
Many homeless people
racism snd poverty
Co-Vid-Pandemic, Economic decline, Racial Tension, Tension against Law Enforcement, Political Tension
Health Care System and CostHealth InsuranceHigh cost for college educationLow minimum wageFair Pay
i think we should be focused on covid 19
division of our nation
in order: pandemic, economy, & trump / gop unfounded voter fraud claims (democracy is fragile)
Systemic racial injustice on each and every level you can think of. Housing, employment,financial stability,education,health, law enforcement, and on and on. I can't tell you how strange racial injustice seems to me. Higher employment levels for Black people and everyone else results in a healthier economy, so it makes 0 level sense to hold someone back to the point where their income level is less. It's like cutting off one's nose to spite their face.
covid19 pandemic. terrible government approach. very scary times
global warming and racial inequity
Job security - due to COVID people are jobless
COVID. The problem is that the Republicans have politized the tools we have to mitigate the spread of the virus, have prevented the scientists from leading the way, and have not supported their efforts. I have a science/medical background and it troubles me greatly that science/the experts are denigrated by a political party because they don't like the answers.
Leaving God out and not upholding the constitution.
economic collapse, novel coronavirus
poverty vs rich
COVID-19; our response has been among the worst out of any developed country.
Election fraud. There is a preponderance of proof yet the courts are refusing to hear any evidence. Our current government is so corrupt that they break their own laws with impunity.
The division the people have become to divide, no one wants to meet in the middle.
climate change will impact every dimension of society; it will exacerbate income inequality, racial and religious tensions,ie the collapse of Syria was induced initially by a severe drought that drove rural people into urban areas. the government couldn’t provide adequate services and the poverty fueled religious and cultural tensions. institutions collapsed, paving the way for American policies of regime change
Donald Trump is an egotistical idiot.
growing our economy and rebounding from covid
Division of the people, lack of unity. Most other issues stem from this, along with tolerance and respect for other people’s opinions and positions.
Systemic Racism
doesnt matter i have no control over it
racism; inequitypolarizationCOVIDunemploymentenvironment
Panic driven by the media.
need third party
Polarization by an agenda-driven media. Division based on political affiliation.
Corruption at the highest levels of the FBI and CIA as demonstrated by the complicity of the agencies to involve themselves in the political process on behalf of the Democrat Party. Example: The false narrative of the Steele dossier being endorsed by both during the Mueller investigation when it was well known that the dossier was BS. All intended to harm a duly elected administration.
The most important issue we are facing is climate change. The consequences of ignoring climate change are going to create huge, unsolvable social and economic issues like more destruction from natural disasters, new disease vectors, mass migration inland, housing crises, and loss of important economic centers like Houston. Other issues should be second to solving what is literally an existential threat to our country.
murderspolitical leaders on one accordrestore our country
divisiveness. Trump has polarized the crazy and now they are empowered
social security
covid out of control and too much discrepancy depending on the source.allowing people to riot should be stopped
People moving from Liberal to Conservative states hand changing the voting demographics. impending socialist policies.
how to keep our economy a float
world wars. we need to keep peace between the nations.
Political corruption!
National Debt, Bias in Media/Press, polarization of left right
Racism, unemployment, housing crisis, number one Covid 19.
Inam most concerned about the impact of COVID-19 on the health of Americans, as well as the economic impact. I believe masks should be mandatory and schools shoud be mostly online. I believe an additional stimulus package and small business assistance is needed. I believe elected officials need to listen to the scientists and experts to guide policy. Healthcare should be available to all who need it.
divided - our country is divided kn many level and is reluctant to unite and work togehter
OUR FREEDOM,ECONOMY,OR CHILDREN
THE DIVISION OF THE 2 MAIN PARTIES
Political division
the lack of a defined moral compass in most individuals.
COVID-19
covid 19 many people job less
social media’s influence and takeover of our lives
Seperation the lack of uniting as a whole
the divide and racism
Addressing the pandemic in a timely manner and finding solitions
covid 19, economy, our national security, stopping Presient Trump from being vindictive, apoor loser, he said he would be a poor lossr ,he is out of contol and now not conceding to president elect, Joe Biden, not letting him know information that president elects need to know to know how they will go forward running  and protecting our country Jan 20th and after.
Homelessness, segregation and racism!
corrupt  election
covid virus, protecting the health of the people.
integrety of our constitution
protests, riots, and negative views towards LE
civil unrest, capital versus society
Coronavirus - stopping the spread, vaccine supply & distribution, freaking stimulus packages to normal people. Just one $1200 check, seriously?
Covid 19 & Economy
disinformation, wages, health, division
Police brutality, the systematic racism in our government, there's a lot to be fixed.
unemployment People need to go back to work after the shut downs because of the Pandemic
I think the biggest problem in this country is the ability of the mainstream news outlets and big tech companies to pick and choose what they want to report on to steer their own narrative.
Covid, Leadership: hiring qualified people and trusting them to be experts in their field, DACA, Retraining the police, a unified direction for education with support from an Education director who, themselves, is an educator, gun control, opportunities for the underemployed, healthcare.
the dishonesty of our goverment
wealth distribution (rich get richer, working class stay the same)
coronavirus
racism health care and peace
Covid pandemic and related economic effects
Racism and people coming together as one
inequality, racism, police brutality, poverty
our opiate problems.
racisim, treating all genders fairly.
selfcenteredness
Political/cultural division
Giving away too much for free.
Lack of a coordinated Federal response to the Corona virus
The ongoing fascist coup attempt by Trump and the Republican party
covid viruspoverty
The democracts have divided this country by acting poorly against the President of the United States. If they would stop criticizing him and try to work with him the country would be in a better place. Obviously the democracts didn’t have anyone who was qualified for the job and that is why President Trump was elected. Not that he was 100% qualified but he was the better choice over Clinton.
Division/hatred
ECONOMIC RECESSION
The pandemic is clearly the top problem, which links directly to the economy.  Once covid is solved, then climate change will be the most pressing topic.
racism is still a issue. the color of our skin shouldnt matter
Covid pandemic: not taking it seriously, inadequate supplies & equipment, inadequate testing & tracing, insufficient support for people most impacted, no leadership from the President and members of the Republican Party, etc, etc, etc!
jobs, fair wages, infrustructure, education, elderly care.
Biden / Harris ticket & their entire agenda  I do not want to live under a Communist ruler , Socialism & a Kamala Harris Presidency which will happen in the next 4 years I do not want to loose my Freedoms which they will take away certainly. Just watch Not giving ip on My President Trump/ VP Pence
Donald Trump and Covid
Our government acts like children arguing on a playground instead of a strong united team. Its sets a bad example for our youth, it makes kids feel unsure of themselves and their future and it makes adults angry and insecure which leads to unneccessary riots and "movements".
covid treatment and the death rates
Leadership and Unifying the country. We are fractured. We need to heal relationships with our allies and each other. Once that happens we can overcome the rest including Covid, Health, Equal Rights.
economic inequality. partisan polarization
Covid-19 Pandemic
Systematic racism
tribalism
Climate crisis ruining the planet
Covid-19Economic gaps increasingAccess to quality healthcare Lack of available/affordable housingEquality Collage tuition costs/debt
The pandemic, recovery after the pandemic, racism and social unjustice
povertypolice cruelty
Dems and republicans not working together to solve problems
poverty gap, military spending, COVID-19 pandemic, unemployment, health disparities, socioeconomic determinants of health
We need to stand up to the tyranny that has been displayed over the last year. If you are one of the radical modern day democrat that i would call an extreme socialists you dont need to follow laws you can do anything you want that needs to change. People should be held accountable
COVID-19, National Security, Race Relations
I think the most important thing we have to deal with is the Corona virus.  The old adage, if you have your health you have everything, works for me. President Trump handled this crisis very poorly from day one.  He was briefed on how serious it was and chose to treat American citizens as fools that could not handle reality.  Countless lives could have been saved.
Racism , This country in the past 40 years was getting racism under control, then Donald Trump came along.  what he has caused , is exactly how people felt then. He brought it back, in fact his father showed him how, when he had signs inhis apt. buildings saying, No blacks allowed. How about Immigration, hate outsiders, teach children to lie, call names, protest. these are our problems now, it will take years.
african americans homicides by cops shoot now justify later, while white americans are just being arrested
covid, unemployment, racism
the news media being bais. having their own agenda.  not telling the truth and being one sided.
The divide that is evident since Trump took office.  That almost half of the country voted for Trump scares me.  That they agree or can live with his actions/statements/beliefs, is inconceivable.
The liberal Democrats (The Swamp) coming into power!
social division
Covid,  Immigration,  Proper training for Police, More money for Public Education and staff!!!!!
police injustice towrds blacks
Possible Socializim
healthcare cost, student debt
Republicans, they are out for themselves and show little concern for the country as a whole. They try to force others to live by their religious and ignorant beliefs.
Politicians in Washington more interested in their career & wealth than working together to solve problems.
Divided country by race, exacerbated by Trump!
Racism, social inequality, healthcare
Racism, equality.
Liberal leftists
economydisease controleducationhealth care
covid-19 Washington does not have a plan to combat the disease.
social security
Trump supporters. high cost of healthcare
Economy - how to recover during and after COVID
The economy, the pandemic, the election and the fraud i saw on video.  The voting systems that cheated.  The divided country.  Soros and his plan to destroy America.  The move towards socialism.  How i am going to get ahead in this country.  My taxes.  ETC......
Dont know right off
-1
voter fraud! dead people cant vote!
COVID-19 and the resulting damage to the economy.
the lack of unity among our people, and the lack of constructive ways to bridge the gap
Low quality of the population. Efficiency of any democracy is a direct function of the quality of the population. Whatever is 'demos' the same is 'cratos'. The rest is following. A scientifically approved SYSTEM assessing EDUCATION, HEALTH, LAW OBIDIENC, PERSONAL QUALITIES and HUMAN QUALITIES long time overdue. Some Asian countries have it in a form of thousand years traditions. It is not a systemic approach but it works.
people are in other peoples business.  let peole live there lives as they see fit.
-the immigration issue along with seperating of the familys-police brutality - rascism - pedophila -zero bail act (do not agree)
Racial injustice, climate change, gun control
evangelical christians
COVID19 on our nations health
covid nothing is being done about it
Covid 19, racial inequality, social division, hunger and homelessness, the need for universal availability to educational materials, jobs being sent offshore,
revitalizing the country
Slow decision making and reaction to controlling COVID-19 infection/spread
climate change that will lead to destruction of property,  mass migration, extinction of species,  and economic depressions.
sytemic racism and the unfair justice happening in the justice system and workplace.
controling the pandemic
Economics the economy
healthcare , unaffordable tuition, racism,
the virus and the looting and shooting
I think there are a lot of problems that are important in this country, such as racism and police brutality.
blm and children being hurt
covid. We need to find a cure
people without kids, wanting to control our kids at school
not becoming a socialist country
Discrimination is what I think is this Country's biggest issue.
too much government control; COVID; journalists
covid / racial injustice
PandemicEconomyRacial Unrest
Border control- our nation does not need to continue to let thousands of illegal immigrants.
Lack of leadership with dealing with the Pandemic (Trumpdemic).
Social clasifications- such a gap between rich and poor.
Climate Change, Systemic Racism
Pandemic and healthcare
The lies and corruption of the deep state and the left. Democracy is ending.
i do not care
no defunding the policestrong support for  militaryTaxes
The Covid-19 pandemic, unemployment, poverty, racism, environment, gun control
covid-19 virus disrupting education, economy etc.
our econmic situatin and the covid pandemic
too polarized politically
Covid 19, the economy and joblessness, Climate Change, the politcal divide
Corona Virus Pandemic
The amount of people and vets living on the streets with no home. The amount of low income in this country.
i dont know any problems
immigration 2nd amendment rightclosures
Constant bombardment by the media that the US is systemically racists
Government's response to the coronavirus pandemic.  Not just aid to people but encouraging precautions.
Political corruption of governmental agencies and processes by anti-Constitutional persons and groups.
The pandemic, middle class, jobs and bipartisanship
Currently there is a split in our nation that cuts very deep.  I feel as a nation we have forgotten what it truly means to be an American.  But even more than that I feel we have forgotten what it means to be a kind human being.  I can not believe it is a debate to wear a mask or not to help other human beings.  Such a selfless act could save thousands of lives, yet people are slightly inconvenienced arguing it is against their freedom to wear one.  This is just one example.
Pandemic, Unemployment and Economy, Health Care, Climate, World Relations
voter fraud,china
China is inching slowly and surely to be in a position to take over the country, unless a Trump type person can gain control again.  "Made in China" must be stopped.  Buying land, buying businesses.  Spying.  Then to top it off, they send over the virus to further deplete the strength of our country.
coruption in politics, wealthy people buy their way to electionssocial media has an awful impact on society
Division.Lies and propaganda from the president. Breaking allthe rules
political polarization
Covid and the economic impacts for middle class
Hatred and judgement coming from every walk News Media arent truthfulPeople against the policestand off between republicans and democrats in our government
division, distrust, fear & anger
Covid-19 people not willing to make sacrifices to help on another, wear mask, keep distances,
The Pandemic, the disregard many have for the diseases' spread & the economic hardship it is causing.
Law enforcement.
A lack of decency and respect for other's with different opinions; to much hatred, rioting, and seeking to hurt others who disagree with you.
The economy and Democrats fiscal irresponsibility
The division of our people in this country.
Chinese meddling in our country
law and order illigal immigration
covid 19 vs GNPSocietal Standards of ConductIntegration of diverse groups
Politicians. Their number one priority is maintaining their office...not helping their constituents or the USA.
Racial Tensions, Unfair Taxes that advantage the Rich, Enviromental (Climate), Health Care, Infrastructure, Unemployment, No Covid Plan, Citizens United, Supreme and Federal Courts, getting Trump to pay for his crimes, Regulating the internet ie Facebook, Twitter, etc... and breaking up the Monoplolies ie Amazon, Facebook,  ect...  Changing from oil and gas to clean power... Stopping pipelines and poisoning water supplies...
racial injustice, housing for homeless, having a clean food supply, police brutality
covid19. we need to get it under control while preserving econonic viability of small businesses ... perhaps another stimulus payment to those affected before a vaccine is available.
Democracy is at risk, the Republican party has gone insane, healthcare, pandemic, greed, the rapid spread of lies, propaganda and misinformation on social media.
corona virtuous and unemployment
unification of republicans and democrats in Washington, DC and in our country
The threat of socialism.
socialism, black lives matter movement, covid regulations killing small business, globalism, potential of supreme court packing, election fraud
Covid-19 pandemic, Racial injustic
covid, economy
Managing a public health crisis.
Media creating false narratives and division, election fraud, democratic party agenda and Biden as President.
1.  Curtailing the national deficit, and getting government spending under control (stop borrowing money to run the damn country).  2.  Getting healthcare costs under control.  3.  Re-establishing the rule of law in cities facing stark increases in crime and rioting.
I think the biggest problem facing our country today is, division. Everyone is separated from blue & red and have forgotten that we are all one nation. in recent events, white supremacy is what has really affected our country and has divided us most.
voter fraud....lies to American people
Our slide to socialism.
First, deciding who has one our election fair and square.  Second, fishing the Border Wall.  Third,  solving  our civil problem of getting along peacefully. Fourth, allowing legal entry, but with the understanding only one language is acceptable and that being English and all will respect our government and Constitution.
-5
-9
Shutting down our country due to covid and how it hurts our economy. There is no trust in our "experts" and media to give us the truth. Our experts have been extremely inconsistent throughout this and the media only tells us what helps their party.
socialists and other extreme groups trying to take over!media meddling and one side panderingvoting fraud
Class inequality. The poor are getting poorer, the rich are getting richer, and the middle class is rapidly going away.
covid vacine. everyone takes it
government over reach, people losing their rights, and losing their privacy and politicians make a mockery of the constitution
immigration problem , better healthcare , better parentsl leave
Unity, it seems we are divided into two groups, democrats/republicans.
crime, black hate, police are corrupt, covid
Egostitical minds
covid19, problem is people aew dying
Racial InequityPolitical polarizationCovid-19Global Warming
Equalty for "All" ,Racism, Police Brutality against Black People,
Not watching our boarders.WelfareAmerican work ethic
pandemic/hunger/unemployment
economy drop, closing everything is destroying our natio for a virus that has a 95-99.9% survival rate, poor education systems
Social Injustice
racism, some people judge before getting the facts
Hate, division, systematic racism- the problem is Trump sowing discord
economy- recovery after the shut down caused a pause in economic growth.
The COVID-19 pandemic is out of control and wrecking lives and livelihoods.
Pandemic needs to be handled first
The health of the nation is in shambles. And the misinformation on guns.
being able to have healthy communication and debate and being able to agree and disagree with eachother.
Marijuana legalization
1. Economic Inequality2. Social Injustices3. Medical Care Expenses4. The current President sowing discord and elevating conspiracy theories
social media. there are too many people online and this allows for every single thought that runs through someone’s head to be heard by millions. i dont believe this is productive to society
Coronavirus getting it under control, vaccine, testing, masks
party politics voting party lines(i do this but i feel i have no choice)
Unemployment - people need to go back to work common sense safely
climate change, income and justice disparity, threats to democracy (voting rights), foreign trade/competition
pandemic - concern for health care & dependable vaccine
stimulus checks and a mess with election
Big Tech and the need for regulations on social media/AI in regards to invasion of personal privacy for profit. The biased mainstream media in general and wanting diversity in every aspect except for beliefs and thoughts/opinions. the “fact checking” on social media. i do think racism is a problem but i also think everyone is responsible for improving themselves... those who break out of poverty and break glass ceilings work super hard and dont wait for handouts or for others to change. they change themselves
racism and poverty
Economy, Illegal Immigration, Crime
COVID outbreak and systemic rasim
covid pandemic; donald trump
Immigration and healthcare/services for veterans
I believe the biggest problem facing our country today is Covid 19 virus.  This has caused such a problem in the education system and in the overall economy.
Division people need to be united as Americans. so many other countries look up to USA and look at how Americans are at the moment. We need to be united and protect our countries future not divide it
flu all the restrictions
the hatred and discontentment
abortionillegal immigrantspotential socialism
The COVID-19 virus, unemployment, racism, gun violence, climate change, recession, divided country because of Trump
Economy - unemployment, decent wages, assistance for small business owners during pandemic.Social justice - improved police training and public relations, justice for those murdered senselessly, reverse Jim Crow laws, equality for pay, healthcare, and financial resources.
the economy is going to tank; constitutional rights are going to be compromised; police are not supported; disrespect for military and freedom they fought for
Currently, we face major economic issues resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.  Many Americans are suffering from unemployment, housing issues, hunger, etc.  That is the number one issue we must deal with now.  We also must confront systemic racism, offer solutions to the climate crisis, and fund public education.  Another great problem we face is the great division that has grown in our country as a result of rhetoric and misinformation in the media and social media platforms.
Unemployment benefits are running out for millions of Americans and Congress needs to act fast in remedying that situation
divisions on the problems......health care, immigration,inner structures, national debt,racial inequality, to name a few....and the inability to work together to address these problems.
Abortion and socialist views
normalization of violent and/or distruptive protests and riots - ever growing concern of the onset of socialism in america
-1
racism, disrespect for law enforcement.  blm
the political divide
Most important problem facing this county is the Coronavirus.
The Federal Government is ignoring medical issues like the Coronavirus and high medical cost.
covid 19 has over-run our country. People need guidance so we can get this under control
systemic racismclimateeconomyhealth
Coronavirus, the rising numbers, the way folks are not willing to do what is needed to get the virus under control, such are wearing masks and social distance. The lack of leadership on the federal level.
moral decline people don’t care if they do right or wrong
Campaign Finance, Corporate Socialism, Access to Quality Child Care, Student Debt, The Wealth Gap, Automation, COVID-19, A Bloated Defense Budget, Artificially High Prices for Prescription Drugs and Medical Services (especially regarding elder care), and many, many more....
THE PANDEMIC
-1
The handling of COVID-19 and keeping Americans safe.
liberals and socialist in congress
Trust in the Mainstream Media.Racial Disharmony.
Election process
Pandemic.  Schools.
pandemic- extent it has created difficulties in US
One of the greatest problem we are facing now is the pandemics covid 19 and also to make the country get to the respect the world again
the unnecessary racial tension. The fact that our sitting president will not denounce white supremacist is abhorrent. police brutality and qualified immunity.
A bad ex president donald trump and his devisiviness
-1
Covid-19,Economy
the coronavirus for starters is out of control
getting the U.S. back on track
covid-19 and relief
The pandemic people not having a job and crime
racism for all races (african americans, asians, hispanics, etc.)
Racisms, gender equality, healthcare rights, women's reproductive right, homophobia, transphobia, racial discrimination, police brutality
As of this moment we need to really be supporting our healthcare system & focus on flattening the curve. Another stimulus would be extremely helpful as well.
economy
Social media influence on public opinion and news media bias
racial enequity; pandemic; need for police reform
Distrust in one another will destroy our country very fast.
With the pandemic that is currently going on, many have lost their jobs and prices seem to have gone up. At the rate this is going, the percent of Americans to be considered low-income or in poverty could greatly increase.
reopening the country; staying safe while allowing our country to continue fuctioning sustainibly during covid
Systemic racism, wealth inequality, global warming
Leadership Integrity And trust
systemic racism, covid, economic recovery, preserving the environment for generations to come
Racism, inequality, breach of human rights, Capitalism ect. ect.
division among different people based on politics, religion, race
CoVid Economy Unemployment Republicans that defended Trump
Currently, getting COVID-19 under controlIn general, inequality in virtually every sector, particularly the economy
Fraud.  Disrespect for Presidential Office.  Being shut down due to Corina Virus. People losing jobs because of shutdown. Mom & pop shops closing, restaurants closing. NJ Taxes through the roof.
national debt. dem's in control. immigration. welfare. china. north korea
Racism, poverty, covid-19, women rights, immigration rights, police brutality
-9
JOBS NEED TO OPEN UP MORE.
congress not working together snd pushing their own agendas instead of what is best for our country
I do not know .But if there a problem in the country there sould be a soluosion .
Covid is rising and Nevada is already shutting down again. A president who is unable to accept clear defeat and is spending his last days fighting that loss along with firing people instead of governing the country he is supposed to serve. A new president who's mental health and ability to competently serve in the office for four years is definitely questionable.  The division of the country.  Unchecked Russian aggression.  No real progress on preventing China from securing the South China Sea.  Clean sustainable energy.  Quantum Computing. Space exploration.
Fair treatment to all. law and order
covic 19 it has gotten out of hand
Surviving COVID-19, medically and financially. And replacing the current presidential administration with competent, honest people.
Climate change, Economic inequality, Political division
Pandemic, racial tensions, international relations,
letting the liberals run this country
the covid 19 virus and racism
The policies of the current administration and senate do not reflect the wishes of the majority of Americans
immigration  2 easy to get in
to many tp explore
COVID, environment, economy, inequality
Racism, queerphobia, wealth inequalty, inadequate public education, student debt, climate change
economy effecting the lower classes access to food and housing.
devicivness creTed by the democratic party and their allies in the media
RACISM,POVERTY, LACK OF HEALTH INSURANCE, GENDER DISCRIMINATION,CORRUPTION IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. DISRUPTION OF THE RULE OF LAW BY THE CURRENT PRESIDENT(TRUMP), EVAGELICALS DRINKING WINE AND PREACHING WATER.
in a nutshell, the Democrats are the problem. every major issue can be traced back to liberal ideas and "efforts"
COVID-19Economy Systemic RacismsPolice
Anger, hatred, distrust
Bias media. Socialist. Antifa burning down cites.  Corrupt politicians.
divisiveness and discrimatory issues among political parties, religions, races and genders.
Virus, the science is changing, CDC always changing the metrics, congress slow to help people, if there are no people in a public health crisis - what are we even doing?
People are divided on multiple areas
dont know ...
has not done anything worh the state of kentucky
unemployment enough jobs
we tend to demonize the opposite political party and there supporters
Covid-19. We need to protect our citizens, help them get better, vaccinate them, so that we can get on with our lives and improve the economy.
climate change, covid-19, income inequality, systemic racism
the biggest issue is covid. second largest would be the economy. they go hand in hand.
Upholding the values and beliefs in our constuition.
Immigration not fair
open borders need to be closed
Economic - we have too much federal debt, the middle class is disappearing, people don't have enough personal responsibility
Covid19 is the biggest problem
ImmigrationWelfare system (Too many people taking advantage of system that don't need)Un-Employment
the covid 19 virus, people rioting, the elections, how certain things are today in the world with people not listening to rules or regulations, etc.
peoples' FinancesChanging history rather than expandNot being able to trust elected officials
no one doing anything to fix the issues with the pandemic... everyone is tired of having to wear masks everywhere they go...
economy, how to get more people working
no longer in God we trustbeing unitedabortioncareer polititions
racial divide, environment/natural resources, economy
no unitythe american bond is weaktoo much hatred
POLITICAL CONFLICT, RACE CONFLICT
The pandemic. For some illogical reason many people, largely Trump supporters, refuse to do the most basic things recommended by public health professionals to stop the spread of the virus (i.e., mask wearing). This is a significant problem. Nearly a quarter million Americans have died, the economy is greatly affected. Republicans have blocked a meaningful second relief package that would include support for municipalities and states during this time of hardship. AND during all of this the future of the ACA is in question. It's crazy!
Global pandemic with no organized response and numbers of ill and deaths keep increasing.
media, covid 19, blm, police
The ones Donald Trump created.
divisiveness and hatred for one another based on political preferences
Racism and division.
covid 19 when will it ever end
socialisms and liberal democrat
Covid 19, drug abuse, education
division of its citizens
-1
The political divide.    We have lost sight of common ground.   It has become an us or them with no middle ground.
SO many problems! However, the ultra-polarization of elected officials paralyzes the ability for the U.S. House of Representatives to objectively discuss, argue, produce and approve a bill that accurately represents the needs of the U.S. people today.  This holds true for the U.S. Senate also. Finally, the U.S. Supreme Court is also too ultra-polarized to objectively rule "Constitutional" or "Not Constitutional" and winds up Legislating which is in direct violation of the U.S. Constitution
racism among us
Covid and healthcare
homeless individuals, covid 19 and all of the deaths andit is still spreading.
lynch mob mentality
the global pandemic of covid-19
corona virusrace relations
1. The Covid pandemic and the lack of respect that some American's display regarding social distancing
Pandemic, Economy ,
pandemic, country at a stand still over a virus
No Jobs, Housing market with the new Foreclosures that are going to happen because of this pandemic.  Taxes are too high
Disunity/division - I think that Americans can succeed in overcoming challenges and part of that does involve diverse perspectives, but I think that both major political parties are currently too partisan and care more about short term tribal success than the country as a whole.
Economy, US Federal Deficit, Climate Change, Separation of Church and State, COVID
Polarized society where facts and reality based discussion seems impossible.
coronia virus no cure
Economic CrisisMoney PrintingDebt
Covid:  the lack of cohesive direction by the federal government and its slow response to Covid and Trump lying about the severity.  So many deaths, the lack of PPE, the over extension of health care workers caring for people with Covid; the destructive impact on the economy and people losing jobs; the impact on schools and children
Politicians - Bi Partisan disagreements - They act like children when they do not get their way.
covid 19, controlling the spread
Police brutality, Covid, leaders who lie and minimize science, poverty
Handling of covid-19 outbreak in the US.
CoronavirusPolitical extremists (ultra-liberals or ultra-conservatives) Home grown terrorismManufacturing in China
#1 The main stream mediaand the uncompromising my-way-or-the-highway Dems.
Children in detention centers
racismdivide
covid virus, getting the virus under control and the distribution of the vacciine.
socialism
How divided we are politically and economically
liberal policiesabortionimmigrationfinanciesrelations with china
COVID slows down most aspects of life
COVID-19 pandemic, racism and other inequities, climate change, economy
I think the most important problem right now is Covid-19 and the problems with that- economy, loss of jobs, uncertainty of jobs, economic relief, and healthcare.
Country is divided politically and news organizations are heavily biased.
Currently I do believe acquiring control over the pandemic is the main problem that the country is facing. Of course there are other problems at hand but this is the one i want to get control over.
There is systematic racism in most of our institutions
Drugs Homelessness
presidential election
Corona Virus lockdowns and government overreach in taking away liberty and freedom
Complete division between Republicans and Democrats!  No one will worktogether.
Complete polarization and demonization of the "other."Racism.Inequality.Covid.
The pandemic, a Divided country, Racism, Police brutality, but most of all the poor representation of our country the president exhibits.
-5
corrupt politicians
Racism and employment opportunity.
Our president not putting our country first by refusing to concede thus deeping pur division.
People seem to refuse to recognize what is true, i.e., the results of the Presidential election.
Currently, besides the pandemic I think it is unemployment, and poverty.
COVID19 , and racial issues with the police. We need to police the police. President Trump needs to concede and grow up , and stop pointing fingers at everyone when things do not go his way.
-9
division amongst the people. lack of health care. lack of overall opportunities
Covid-19, Global Warming, Increasing National Debt, Social Injustice & Systemic Racism
Pandemic and its effect on the economy
-1
Healthcare needs to stop being tied to a job
Covid 19 and the economy
Donald Trump dividing the country
Systematic racism, wage gape, political division
we are very divided and its hard for people to relate to or understand eachother
covid 19
poverty, low income, housing
a corrupt political system
unity.   getting everyone to get along no matter what they believe in
-5
To much whining. The lack of people taking personal responsibility for their actions and  their life.  To often people want and expect to be given things and are not willing to get off their dead ass to work for it.  Rather they feel they are entitled because other people have it.  Examples:  education,money cell phones, a home.  We are a "I want" not a "I will work for" spciety
economy, virus, racism, safety, climate, resources, hunger, violence, etc etc
We have become a country divided rather than united.
The pandemic, environmental issues, greed, social issues
Covid-19 pandemic
COVID IS EXACERBATING INCOME AND RACIAL INEQUALITY AND DESTABILIZING OUR ECONOMY. HOPEFULLY WE STILL HAVE A DEMOCRACY AFTER DONALD RUINS TRUST IN OUR ELECTION.
the fierce arguments in this country over political affiliations
racism. inequality. financial issues.
defunding the police
the dea, has destroyed the medical field and millions of lives with its zealot prohibition of opiates and drugs. the fake opiate epidemic and useless criminal assault on usa public. their 51 billion budget should go elsewhere, all drugs should be legal and yse that money for all the programs. every government program needs a major evolutionary overhaul. americans are treated like naughty children. war on drugs has literally forced everyone to the streets for basic pain care, causing a war on drugs.
socialist agenda and political division
THE RISE OF THE EXTREME LEFT
controlling the conrola virus.
Pandemic   potential death to yourself and loved ones
polarization of society pushed by RNC
Systemic racism
COVID Cant fix economy until we handle the disease
hybrid education especially for younger students
covid 19.not controlled.  country far apart how to handle
how the presidential election was handled  i believe there was A
covid 19 it hasnt been under control yet
reuniting the country.
I think the main  problem facing this country is the virus and the slow snell movement of get a cure for the people in every state of the union. Then get people back to work and the economy rowing again.
Human rights, economic disabilities, health disparities, fair housing
race of black and white
The President is CRAZY!  No recognition of the homeless situation.  Climate Change is unreal.
The refusal of the government to effect changes that will prevent the inevitable perils that will attend climate change; the persistence of racism, the cost of healthcare; an inferior public school system, and the prohibitive cost of a college education.
to many promises
Illegal immigration, Covid 19, Slump in economy
Covid 19, political division, rich people having too much power
systemic racism and funding of education
pandemic solution
homelessness. drug addiction. antifa mental disease. social discord between parties
covid 19  health care
divide in ideals and morals
Pandemic response, Rebuilding the economy, Climate Change, Police/Justice System Reform, Health Care Access/Affordability
racismpovertyaffordable health carehousinghomlessness, drug addiction
Corruption in the Democrat Party, FBI, CIA, DOJ and big tech.
moral leadership
Covid is out of control, there's not been enough top down leadership in order to control the virus.
political divide, encomic disparaties
economy climate
Covid 19
climate change
Economy- Businesses have been negatively impacted by "one size fits all" rules during the COVID - 19 period.  Instead of guidelines, hard rules were implemented. E.g. A friend's small storefront with minimal foot traffic was shut down because it wasn't deemed to be essential while a large competitor was allowed to stay open because it also sold food.
everything is so 2 sided
EntitlementRace RelationsSocialist/Communist Agendas
political divisioncorona virus
pandemic. lack of federal leadership. Inadequate testing from the beginning. lack of planning &procurement now and for future needs. ignoring science
Covid 19, Income inequality
CoronavirusPolitical divide
Covid19 , our current president,  negative protesting , police valence, not enough leadership ,getting the virus under control . High interested students loans. property tax on homes that are paid for are very expensive!!!   To much division among Democrat's and Republicans. The president having to much power and misusing that power !!!  congress needs to make a new rule no more then two  terms in an elective field.
Lack of respect for people, not just one group
Dying of democracyAnti-Semitism, racism, xenophobia, sexism, transphobiaPolarized news media and social media algorithmswidening socio-economic gapclimate change
lack of faith in God
Corona  economy
Climate change; while Covid-19, political and racial tensions, and religious and political whackos are pressing matters, climate change will potentially permanently upend our entire way of life.
I'm not sure
Political Unity, along with numerous domestic issues.
safety in neighborhood volance and the killing
-9
school shootings, homelessness, unemployment, health care
Hate. Hate for minorities, for the LGBTQ community, and hate for people whose lives don't effect theirs at all.
the pandemic, need direction not just  guessing
racial inequality
attack on second amendmentfake newscensorship
pandemic control
Racism
misreprensation, constant bickering and fake news
coronavirus response at the federal level
Division, Respect for Authority, Catering to one race.
systemic racism
Covid we need to get control of this with a mask mandate.
equality and being fair and just to all
The national debt
Mainstream media and terrorist groups such as Antifa and BLM fueled by Democrats have caused hate towards the police and Republican party.
illegal immigration, preditory loans and colleges, propert taxes, black lives matters hidden agenda, socialism, lockdowns during covid, taxes
The pandemic.
-1
Racism- All people should be treated fairly and equally.
our standing in global political issues. we are losing our allies and our security is at an all time low.
political polarization and division, which has been worsened by the current administration
racism, homophobia, sexism
COVID19 pandemic has been mishandled by federal government leading to outbreak in US that is much larger and more destructive than would have been the case with even modest effort from Trump administration.
Control of the government
COVID
At this moment, the largest issue is election fraud.  Too many cases of vote fraud, total ballots exceeding 100% in various states/counties/districts, "found ballots" that all are for Biden, mail-in/absentee ballots all for Biden when the predominant in-person vote was for Trump, Ilhan Omar's campaign found in possession of 1000+ ballots when 3 is the legal limit (and then, they only can be for the same address as the possessor), and *public* comments by powerful people in politics and media proclaiming victory and other statements indicating knowledge of a pre-determined outcome.  There is damning evidence both factual and circumstantial (the circumstantial is overwhelming) that this election was rife with fraud, if not outright engineered for fraud.Couple that with the Left's push to abolish 2nd Amendment freedoms, (publicly stated by Biden and Harris), which is the Amendment the Founders authored as the defense against Tyrannical Government/Authoritarian Government, and this is a downright *frightening* issue.
Working together, join forces for the better of man. Don't waist money shouting down your neighbors , or other groups
Covid 19 and unemployment
Division, inability to get along, self serving
covid 19 pandemic is the country's biggest problem
Police funding and their lack of accountability Education system has declined for over fifty yearsFailure for america and its people to aknowledge its dark past, so we can all move on foward and together
pandemic, economy
The national debt. Militarization of the police. The cult-like behavior of "Wokeness", it's totalitarian nature to insist that everything is a political matter, and it's opposition to the concept of objectivity.
democrats are trying to make us a socialist country.
economic depression, unemployment, people taking advantage of unemployment bennifits because they DONT WANT to work.
political corruption   no term limits
2nd Amendment (gun rights)
This Country has lost it's values that our fore father's an military so proudly died for. The way this country has gone to big business an lobbiest control an hurting an eliminating the small business a mom and pop business's. Family values have been taken out of government an replaced with greed for them selves
blm police should not be killing hold them accountable
-9
Economics.  Getting the country back on its feet
the current pandemic
Small businesses closing
the division of the american people, economy, lack of care for our elderly and the healthcare system
Coronavirus. The problem is that we haven't had a clear plan from the federal government on how address it.
Class barriers.
The pandemic i
Not getting Covid-19 under control impacts the economy, health, job security and a host of other issues.
do mot know
Racism, climate change, political corruption
CoronavirusToo many people dying
pandemic, equal rights for LGBTQ+ and people of color, economic inequality
term limits
corrput politicians, stripping away of rights and freedoms.
I think we are dividing from race of people and separating from the world.
If you have read your Bible, you should know that at anytime a country refuses to honor the Commandants as this country has concern the Sabbath by open stores and sports events all day Sunday, then you can expect some very drastic changes in this nation. It is lack of respect for our Maker.  !!!
right now the important problems are racism , biasis , homlessness & starvation too many people are without
news media they are not truthful
pandemic, voter fraud, discrimination, financial crisis
Big business CEOs and the striking contrast of their pay as compared to their employess
gun violence
covid crisis, vaccines not quick enough, people are still getting sick, business cannot remain open, schools and children are surffering.
Our divisive nature and an unwillingness to compromise.  We have turned it into a 4 letter word rather than a path to understanding of all people.  We spend more time needing to be right than looking to improve together.
social injusticecovidstrong divide between left and right
Socialism. Thought to be a path to racial equality.  Racial equality is not obtainable thru any form of government.
-1
COVID-19 pandemic
Covid— getting the vaccine out. getying people to follow rules
BLM, as an organization.ANTIFA. Socialists,Communists,Far left Democrats, Immigration and Fauci, for starters
covid 19 and the help the people need small bussness closeing people out of work no supplys at food stores
-1
racial unjustice against the black communitypolice brutalityglobal warmingunemployment
There is a population problem, too many people leading to too polarized views.
The Covid Issue Thats Plaguing The Whole US & The World
civil rights are a great area of concern in our country. so many are not treated equally
Mainstream media bias against President Trump
Nothing
Climate change and lack of focus on decreasing emissions and corruption in the oil industry and government to not support electric cars and solar energy to ensure continued profits from fossil fuels.
Growing income inequality gap, healthcare and environment
People have to work and earn money that they will spend and that will move the economy by supporting local business
racism and homelessness, poverty
lack of gun control, big businesses housing wealth, universal healthcare is still not a possibility.
US Economy
economy, unemployment, covid 19
move to socialism
Economy
COVID and handling of vaccinations
Covid-19 pandemic
Too much freedom. people takr their freedom right and run with it by miles. that's why we arw i. deep problem with the covid
definitely more than one but the biggest two are racism and climate change
racial tension
COVID is uncontrolled in US
I believe the most import problem facing the country is climate change, and more generally, environmental issues.
We are divided and in need of unity through real leadership
keeping in touch with our allies
Coronavirus: people not taking it seriously, lack of consistency in government response.
socialist
Racial injustice, COVID, Wealth gap, Donald Trump
THE CORONA VIRUS-POVERTY
racism, coronavirus control, health care, climate change, economy
welfare too many are in for the wrong reasons and no one is stopped
The economy and the growing separation between the rich and the poor
Pandemic--hundreds of thousands of people have/will die
The US goverment having way to much power!
income and healthcare inequality
Fixing the economy. We are still in a slump and feel that with the inclusion of covid-19, it only gets worse from here on.
There are so many different things this country is facing right now. I think one of the problems is that we need to start to work together as a country. It doesn't matter what party you are in. We all want the same goal and that is to make sure our country is running smoothly and making it a safe place to live. I think that appointing one person to be in charge and have the country on there shoulders. We also need to stop making elections based on how much money a person can raise or has. Kamala Harris ran for president of the United States before she joined forces with Jo Biden. The reason Harris did that was because she didn't have enough money to make it to all the different places around the country to talk to people.
racism, sexism, poverty
ILLEGALS ENTERING OUR COUNTRY
Division between people, parties, beliefs, everything.
Social Security concerns b
Covid-19 is the most important at this time. The economy tanking.
1. Climate Change
The division of people in which there is so much animosity toward people who think differently than themselves.
we need to control the virus. mandate mask wearing
covid, jobs, economy, socialism
division/ spread of false info
the hatetered between the people
the amount of hate and entitlement that americans seem to exude since Trump took office i am only 43 and i dont remember it having been this divided before
The coronavirus pandemic
Racism against black and brown ppl
leadership, covid, jobs
diversity. no respect media out of control
The move towards radical liberalism/socialism.
social media terrorists (people who use social media to destroy others, blowing things out of proportion, taking over common sense and reason), overpopulation
jJoe Biden he is in China back pocket.
pollution - global warming specifically
Climate Change - This will have a catastrophic impact on how the world economy works and will cause mass migration due to weather events and rising sea levels.
racism probity and looking out for the poor
White supremecy and National division
getting control of the coronavirus
Donald Trump ! liar and thief
lack of coming together as people of the United States too many siding with those who want to destroy our country by tearing it all apart on lies of how americans really feel and care about our country and citizens.
Deep StateEconomyHealthcareSocial issues Media bias and propoganda on both sides of the political spectrum
the divide we are facing between the two political parties.
Decline of moral values and the family
overpopulation, enviornmental impact
Too much division and hate.
Covid-19 / Social and economic injustice
Survival, and the way we communicate
-9
covid is bad
Rigged election, nationwide shutdowns, foreign affairs
racism and social injusticemoral degradation
ECONOMY
Climate change, reliance on fossil fuels, and changing the economy to invest more in green jobs.
Covid-19,  the country is divided, racism
Socialism, Entitlement mentality of the majority of the population, especially the younger generation. Seems like everyone feels as if they are victims.
Socialism, too many people want something for nothing and feel it is their right.
riots unstable econemy
Covid, healthcare, greed and lack of accountability within big business, and the collapse of our economy
The Corona Virus pandemic
jobs, insurance
race, homeless people ,
-1
Digging out from significant financial debt.
Divided Americans/ Racism
COVID-19 and racism
disunity, people who disagree about something take to the streets and even destroy property and injure others.
The divided nation from some of the rhetoric the President tweets.  Also the economy for those unemployed from the pandemic.
Lack of GodThe want of socialism Illegal immigrants Drug trafficking Child traffickingAbortion Political pandering
covid, crime, immigration needs to be controlled
COVID 19 - THE TRUMP VIRUS.
if Trump can't prove voter fraud to the supreme court then I would say the standing of the country ( the United State Of America) .
SARS-CoV-2 pandemic
The lack of truth that Americans receive - not the News, the Truth. Its so hard to know what is true or not anymore, which then leads to a division on all major issues - unemployment, COVID, equallity, etc.
Covid/health care-with an emphasis on prescription prices being to high
division and hate
Unity or lack of respect to collaborate between parties   Economic short term goals without respect to long term stability Lack of love and respect for others.  Lack of tolerance
educationcovid response
peoples inability to listen to opposing views
His lack of concern for the United States.
- political polarization- environmental changes- racism
I believe the most important problem our country is facing is the division of its people. There are so many polarizing issues that people are forced to take sides. This I believe many of our problems will be solved if we can come together and work in unity.
Our 2-party system!
Presidential liesHealthcareInsurance CostsPrescription drug costs
National security. Mostly all government agencies are corrupt. Illegal immigration. Poor infrastructure. Schools system is poorly run. Small businesses affected by COVID-19.
The fighting of Covid but at the same time, not letting it destroy our economy
COVID-19Political DivisionsWhite Nationalists
The separation of all types of people. The country is no longer United and that needs to be fixed.
the covid-19 epidemic
We NEED God back in control! Then All things would be settled.
such extreme divides/hate
political division
Getting the virus under control with the highly divided country and all the stupid people who buy into the lies that masks don't work and refuse to comply.
we dont have god in anything anymore
division, intolerance, political correctness, suppression of constitutional rights, income inequality, corruption, education system problems, healthcare.
economy crashing
Covid 19 pandemic
CO VID.PEOPLE ARE DYING.PEOPLE HAVE LOST THEIR JODS.PEOPLE DO NOT HAVE FOOD TO EAT.
Loss of FREEDOME.  deep corruption, colluding with special interests, weakening our country by giving to our enemies.
The fact that there isn't any cure for this CORVID-19..
lack of respect.  kindness towards human beings. division amongs manyCOVID.  the economy.  Hope.  Safety.   People don't seem to care about others. Some people want & want but don't give.  Mental illness is also affecting our nation.  Homelessness.
Big Corporations seem to be controlling our country and our lawmakers.
Pandemic, Infrastructure
moneyis a problem
people in this country who are trying to destroy the U.S. Constitution and take our freedoms and give us socialism leading to communism
Bad politics and the corrupt politicians. The spending of tax payers dollars to other countries while letting our country in debt. Giving too much power to just one elected official and not spreading it around. Racism and hate toward fellow persons.
dishonestylack of faith/God
health care, global warming
Opioid epidemic - lack of money and resources for mental health and substance abuse treatment; poverty; lack of healthcare for those most in need;  climate change.
Undermining/politicization of the U.S. democracy and our institutions
BLM, Police, Global warming
immigrationriotsunemployment
No idea who these people are
covid, unemployment due to covid
COVID-19 needs to be controlled so that society can function again
Division created by Trump.PandemicBusinesses closed due to pandemicRacial division
Many problems, but right now the major problem is the way the government has been handling Covid 19.
THE DIVISIVENESS IN OUR COUNTRY IS GOING TO PREVENT US FROM MAKING ANY POSITIVE CHANGES
Covid-19 the government has not done a good job of handling the pandemic, politicizing mask wearing and demonizing doctors
CLIMATE CHANGE AND DEPENDANCE OF FOSSIL FUELS
the election i don't trust the election
Vaccine for COVID-19, National Debt, unemployment
CovidWe need to control it so we can move firward.
Covid, economy (unemployment, student loans)
racism-covid-climate change
-1
media is stirring up excessive racial hostility
Race relations between black and white people due to the media.
besides division. Politicians do not focus on each issue without adding earmarks or other things in order to compromise. i think this disrupts the process. Each side can compromise on each issue however they simply automatically agree or disagree based on red or blue....More non politicians should start running for offices and until then will we start seeing real change
Division, corruption, censorship by big tech industries
Pandemic, Racial divide, overall division of people,
CO-VID-19, we need to come together as a community to get the spread of transmission under control and keep our people alive. My next issues lay within the institutional lack of equity for race, gender, disability, low income.
People not being united.
healthcare - we need cheaper options
Political Polarization.
affordable healthcare
Political division
Covid 19 pandemic
The pandemic. The increasing rate of infections and deaths. The difficulties faced by small health care systems in dealing with these increasing rates.  The number of unemployed due to the pandemic, especially in the service industry.
Trump. He needs to be removed before he can do any more damage. He is mentally ill.
lack of legitimacy as an international leader
COVID AND SHUTTING BUSINESSES DOWN
covid 19 is out of control and the current administration (Trump) is doing nothing to control it
covid 19,unemployment,police use of deadly force when it is unwarranted
-9
Covid-19HealthcareJob lossfood insecuritiesRacism
covi 19health careeconomyfighting politicians
RESPECT for all people
racism, capitalism over humanity, hate
The government is becoming a charity. That means politicians are buying votes with their actions.Lack of personal accountability of a large segment of the population.
Racial discrimination/tension
-1
Healthcare, significant wage-gap, lack of social programs, police brutality and abuse of power, politician abuse of power, racial injustice, women's rights, basic human rights for all without discrimination
economics.  we have to do more.  keep young people in school. help seniors and homeless people in s decent place to live.
immigration, taxes, and foreign policey.
Senate and Congress need to be only able to service like the president 8 years.  They make thousands and keep getting raises while we who make one thousands or so get a 1/2 raise in social security.  Would like to see those people live on what we get.   There is no longer respect for the police when people are asked to stop and raise their hands they should or get they get shot or what ever.  Listen and respect the police.
covid 19  we need to get it under control
Deeply divided
economy; immigration reform; dependency on fossil fuels; China; Russia
the financial downfall since the pandemic started
Our government officials (leaders) are becoming too polarized (not enough centrist thinking); Mainstream media has become too biased (left-leaning); Colleges and Universities are fostering too much far-left ideology among our students; and, de-emphasizing support of law enforcement, especially in our cities, will likely give rise to more lawlessness and chaos.
Police, Pollution,  Policies, Immigration,  Healthcare,  inequalities.
TOO MUCH GOVERNMENT BUREAUCRATIC CONTROL
Healthcare & the lack of
unemployment  no jobs not enough benefits
-5
Corona virus, economy, education
immigration - welfare - sanctuary cities
jobs, I fear where I live in a huge oil/gas industries, millions of job will be in jeporady.
Unity of our people is the most important problem. We must come together and work as a group on the problems we face. Our elected leaders must show leadership and lead the people. They must follow the consitution and our laws.
abortioneconomic situationcovidimmigration
Trump not becoming president
Political and social division, misinformation
Covid and that its just a bunch of political garbage
Getting this Pandemic under control or contained as it is affecting our population in so many ways from the Virus itself to loss of jobs (paying bill & keeping food on table), to lonelyness and handling depression and so much more...
strengthening institutions like the CDC and others by investing and creating trust in them. Individualism and personal responsibility are fine to a point but we need to be able to do bigger things together like stopping the spread of covid 19.
Racism is the biggest issue this country faces.
Covid 19 not enough information
Extreme polarization and lack of discourse or ability to debate or "agree to disagree"
Consumerism. The average American is raised only to exchange their time for money, and exchange their money for things they don't need. It's the root of all evil, right?
Carona virus and demonstrators disregard for motorways.
Voter fraud, ballot switch
i cant say
racial devide. i wish we as a nation could come together. i was raised we are all the same i also raised my children and grandchildren with that understanding
COVID. Our nations health.
I believe there are more than one problem in this country such as global warnming, currency covid, and the homeless is a very concerning due to not too many programs to help people get on their feet nor enough housing everyone can afford.
goverment that doesn't care about people.
DIVISION IN TERMS OF RACE AND POLITICS. IN ADDITION TO THE COVID 19 PANDEMIC
our move to censor the free speech of americans
Socialism
Virus, Lack of unity, expensive healthcare
GETTING THE PANDEMIC OVERWITH
Health care for all
the pandemic and how the information is being relayed to the people. I fear that we the people are not wearing the proper masks.
Illegal immigration
economy during pandemic
Covid 19 they can't find a cure for it.
civil unrest, virus and those refusing to wear masks and Trump before he leaves office
The country is divided it to groups and has forgotten how to see that we are all people wanting to live the best life we can.
Unity, we all need to pull together and rise up to solve todays issues.
The president not wanting to make the change
division of the people
The genocide of aborted babies!
COVIDUNIFYING THE COUNTRY
neoliberalism, social media
MEDIA BIAS AND THE FAR LEFT PUSHING THEIR AGENDA .FACEBOOK BEING BIAS ,BLAMING POLICE AND CHEERING ON CRIMINALS IS A PROBLEM .BIDEN IS A PROVEN CROOK HARRIS IS AWFUL DEMS LOST THERE MINDS
HOUSING COST, COLLEGE COST, EVERYTHING IS OUT SOURCED, WE WANT TO TAKE CARE OF EVERYONE BUT CAN NOT TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN, THE PEOPLE CAN NOT TRUST OUR GOVERNMENT, ETC...
Covid 19 pandemic and the economic crisis it has caused, and a government that spends too much time fighting with each other instead of finding fast ways to help the people.
COVID 19 AND JOBS.
the presidential election. mail-in ballots ruined the election for the first time ever. i always vote in person like we are suppose to.
Climate Change- Lasting climate damange and ongoing pollution will eliminate the future for all
Closing down the economy and putting people out of work and causing businesses to go under because of the virus.
unemployment, covid,
Job Wages, Food and water sources, Health services, Education, Housing costs, College Tuition cost, Lack of trust in our Judicial and Political system, Capitalism, Big Business Consumerism
Debt, Racism
CovidEconomy Lack of Compassion and Love for one another.America is still a very self absorbed society, but in reality, most of this world is. Some day I hope we can just learn to live with just enough not just America but the whole world. We should be the example of minimalism and contentment, but we won't be.  Why? Because Merica!
liberalism govt oversight
pandemic response; education; climate change; racism/bigotry
Covid 19 pandemic. We must have a National strategy.
THE ECONOMY IS PUTTING MIDDLE AMERICA UNDERWATER
finding a cure or vacine for covid-19
Rampant voter fraud and the inability of the Left to see it or accept it with blatant PROOF.Corruption in government
COVID GETTING IT CONTROLED
Getting the COVID pandemic under control and restoring jobs.
racism, segragtion, education and welfare
Environmentalism
Trump and the pandemic
economy jobspublic educationimmigration
-1
socialism, marxist organizationsracial favoritism
covid-19 and finding a cure
the way kids are learning. covid-19
The economy is in trouble. the bailouts for covid caused harm to our economy.
Volience, protesting, COVID-19, economy
COVID-19 - shortage of information from the onset and lack of vaccines
Controlling the Covid-19 virus.
I think the government is to big and they should be less involved in people's lives. They should keep us safe and not be a nanny state.
Securing the borders.
the pandemic
not sure what to name
TO STOP LETTING PEOPLE RIOT OUR COUNTRY AND LIE AND HURT PEOPLE
two party political system
Removing GOD from just about everything in our society.LyingStealingGreedKilling of the unborn
WORKING TOGETHER
The virus, Uniting the country
Pandemic, Foreign Relations
covid 19 it needs to be contrloed and the hodpitals need to fo a better b threating covid patients
economy  quit supporting lazy people
pandemicproblems with election securityopening our economy
police brutality, donald trump, ice holding kids in cages and families apart, clumate change control, covid control, equilty between men and women trans or not, taxes need to be even
Covid and unity among americans. Too much hate, too much racism
COVID 19 and the lockdowns resulting in unemployment.
health care -- not everyone has it.  also climate change
-5
Dealing with COVID-19
Covid-19, racism, transparency
Welfare of children, women and people of color
Pandemic Unemployment
economics getting people back to work
Covid, our countries response to this.
Pent up anger.Deficit of critical thinking.Not even hearing the "other side" out.
The pendemic is the most important problem in this world.
unemployment, not enough jobs, the states keep going on lockdown.
values regarding HUMANITY
Race and equality, wage disparities and health care
pushing socialist agenda
pandemic - covid
Journalists need to focus on the good and kind things people are doing for each other. We need to be selfless with others.
Keeping manufacturing here with low corporate taxes and less regulations, either that or they will LEAVE the USA. You asked problems (plural) but want me to only name one?
not sure
healthcare and reforming ACA, economy due to covid, amall businesses
rise of left views /ideology
covid, rent spikes, low minimum wage, implicit bias
i don't know what they are
Systemic Racism as indicated in non diversity, inequity and lack of inclusion in housing, education, hunger issues, immigration, role of women in business, medical systems...
climate change, raise taxes on the wealthy, repeal Citizens United to prevent big money from buying our elections, term limits for congress, prosecute Donald Trump, secure elections from foreign interference
Controlling Covid ,
The top problem is the military budget and this country’s perpetual War Culture.  Regardless of the political party in office, we’ve been at war for the last 30 years.  Other issues are massive opiate addiction, the useless national media owned by five or six corporate organs, and the elimination in higher education of a true, meaningful liberal arts education.
The corona virus
Coronavirus-- we need to get the pandemic under control. We have a lack of leadership. Related to this-- the country is too divided and polarized.
Systemic racism. We have a lot of work to do to stop racial discrimination.
i believe that right now the most important problems that the country is facing is economic impact the pandemic has caused on the working class (blue-collar working class).
democracy...the continual attempt to suppress voting rights and the abuse of the rule of law and children in cages and the refusal to work with allies and blanant racist behavior...i could go but im tired just thinking of it all
#1 President Trump and #2 his team of republicans
COVID
COVIDImmigrationRace
socialism control
division of people based on beliefs
Trump and his refusal to leave office after his defeat is our most important and most terrifying problem.
Jobs and working
HEALTHCARE AND PHARMA COSTS
-9
Division of the people
too many liberals. too many that riot or march.
Getting the COVID pandemic under control
pandemic
Polarized political views
THE POLARIZATION OF AMERICANS....SOCIALISTS VS CAPTALISTS
White supremacy
racial division  corona virus
COVID 19, the economy, jobs, safety
Getting back to normal and no more shut downs
Climate change poses a threat to earth's biodiversity and long term ecological stability and we are on the cusp of irreversible change if we don't act.
The way Covid 19 has been mishandled by the current administration
lack ov money. ran out of unemployment money.
covid19 lack of info
This country losing its Christian background and history.  All  lives matter, we need tolove and embrace each other.  Financial problems, jobs, etc.
welfare and safety of the citizens
healthcare, climate, diversity
-1
Division of the American people
The pandemic: no leadership in the White House combating the growing problem and surges of Covid.
RacismUnemploymentHealthcare
Distrust in science, Biased media, People getting their information from Facebook rather than from experts, Systematic racism, Radicalism, the opiod epidemic
getting Covid 19 under control so we can get back to work, play and live our lives.
The two party system
COVID19EconomyLaw enforcementEquality for all people for:  good education K-12,  good paying jobs and RESPECT
Racism among different ethnicities.
ECONOMICS, RACISM, RIDICULOUS LAWS LIKE BAIL REFORM, WAR
Global warmingPandemicBig money in politicsFires
wealth inequality
Corona virus,  economy, health care, civil unrest and division,  corruption and dishonesty of political figures
The economy and lowering unemployment numbers, creating a vaccine to the COVID-19 pandemic, and creating a safe environment for people to live normal lives - working regular jobs, enjoying normal social events and customs, and being able to provide for our families and communities.
Trust, honesty, motive, lack of open minded thoughtful problem solving.
ratialism - black & white fighting -
Human Rights and Justice
corona virus, the delta between the rich and poor, taxes
polarization - I think we are becoming more divided as a country and fogetting that we probably agree way more frequently than we don't
the "news" media. instead of becoming impartial reporters of factual events they are now more like a tabloid looking for sensationalism and inciting hate and discontent
Covid19 confusion and distrust of the government to keep us safe
Police brutalitySocial injusticeHealthcareEmployment
covid 19...this virus is killing people. n now im scared to get any vaccination.
coronavirus, democratic socialism, untrustworthy news media with their own agenda, corruption in government,
Federally legalize marijuana Covid Workers rights Rich paying fair share of taxes Imigration Health care Medicare
we are not taking climate change seriously enough
The government is self-serving and out of touch with the people who put them in their positions.To that end, there should be term limits for every government position.
socialism - mob mentality of left.
racism
Breakdown of the family Unit
blackblives matter
The extreme left of the democratic party...Socialism
They need to stop tis covid pademi
Illegal immigration, birth tourism, job loss to other countries, too many people on welfare, sanctuary cities, rich not paying fair share of taxes.
coronavirus needs to be addressed
Socialism and the profesors teaching the young people in college
Divisive political rhetoric, a false narrative on science, hate speech, income disparity, COVID-19, education, climate change, reproductive rights.
disunity of American people
the covid-19 concerns
There is an unfair treatment of minorities in thid country
The cost of Health care is prohibitive
Foreign policy, let's bring our troops back and end wars.
COVID-19 is rampant, but a lot of people ignore the guidelines
The division between liberals and conservaties
COVIDSeperation of Immigrant children
Corona viruses
inequality and racism
Pandemic..... Division....Unemployment....
climate change  need to explore different ways of utilizing energy,  reducing or eliminating carbon fueled vehicles
covid 19 pandemic
BLM and Antifa rioting, looting and destroying our great Country. Division in this Country...not supporting our elected President and the American Flag.
Poverty and crime in urban areas
The radical Left
Covid epidemic!    Higher taxes sending more companys to China!   Getting rid of the gas companies, losing jobs here!!
socially profiling
pandemic is a major problem, so many people have died from this disease.
covid, race relations, policebrutality, environment/global warming, women’s rights, living wages, medicare, social security and usps funding issues, college debt/student loans, unemployment rate, affordable health insurance for all citizens of the USA, immigrantion policies and procedures.
Lack of unity in society
wealth disparity.     health insurance.  abuse of power in law enforcement.    campaign financing. partisan politics. racism. covid-19.
maintaining our democracy
i dont know
With president elect Biden this country will become socialist.
Democratic party
racist poor government
Covid - not sure I need to say more...?
Racism, income equality, debt
DIVERSITY RACE RELATION
Until we get Covid 19  under control, we cannot move forward as a country.
Most of the citizens ( I"m told 30 percent of Democrats too)  are passionately concerned about the governments inability to protect free elections and our constitutional rights.  The citizens cannot believe that such a corrupt election could take place in the US and the main stream media is not talking about it  and investigating.  The media is all left.  The FBI is not investigating the election fraud ( left) .   If DNC gains power through foreign intervention and corruption ,  some honest Americans will demand investigations,  action and answers.  This senerio is just like what happened in Venezuela, I was there years ago.
divisiveness. The POTUS has really magnified this problem
The change in the Republican Party and its moves against immigrants, blacks, the environment, health care and the betterment of society--all in the name of would-be despot Donald Trump.
socialism
global warming and carbon oxygen fuel cell technology
Coronavirus is definitely the most important issue facing the country, but beyond that, getting Trump out of office and attempting to maintain the economy on the brink of collapse is a close second.
Concern and respect for others, truth, end to Covid-19
covid, jobs, Congress
ICE I think we need to take the people out of the cages and return them to their families I also think we need to find the thousands of missing children that have been getting taken "care" of by ICE
The fighting between the parties.
election fraud. the economic recovery. socialists in congress. the china virus.
covid its not being handled
Unity, equality , injustice, racism
too many to list
People no longer know how to compromise to come to solutions benefiting for all
covid is causing a strain on businesses, schools, mental and physical health
kids being dumbed down in public schools to allow( & ask )for there consitutional rights to be taken away
healthcare suck! too much violence and hate
Keeping the economy open and growing despite the presence of a vaccine.
stopping the spread of the corona virus
Being divided - not working together, too much hate
media doesnt tell the truth.
I believe the biggest problem is the country is the neglect of God’s instructions and importance of a family has been divided and destroyed.
coronavirus pandemic
The Covid19 Pandemic - and the lack of any federal oversight or guidance regarding the pandemic
unemployment rates are rising
dont know any problems
racial injustice
divisiveness!   Parties not working together for people
Economy. Businesses being shut down and people losing their jobs during this Covid pandemic
covid 19 mishandled
racial inequality, food security, racism
Poverty, Greed, Corruption
PANDEMIC, ECOMONICS, EQUALITY
(1)Resolving the COVID-19 Pandemic
A movement to make this country into a Socialist//Communist Country is of great concern. Undermining the USA.  Foreign interference.  The corruption among politicians is horrific.
lack of a shared vision worsened by a purposely divisive President
Our economy is terrible. Especially Congress those people meet a couple times a year to make decisions about our countries well being. They get paid more then half of the people that back their backs everyday in this country how is that fair? People, me being one of them, live paycheck to paycheck every week just to make a living. But the people in Washington can sit in a chair and talk nonsense to each other and make more then Ill ever see.
Racism, police brutality, capitalism, and no love or concern for other Americans.
Lack of understanding of basic facts and science
Leadership: The current president is lacking what it takes to lead a nation as diverse as the U.S.
covid-19 is getting out of control
Primarily the inequitable economic differences between wealthy and poor.  Healthcare is needed.  Free College education.  Better support of SS and Medicare and lower drug prices.  Higher minimum wage.  Less racism. No guns! Better, less violent police held to higher standards.  Better immigration rules.  Daca.  Womens Right and uphold Roe v Wade. Better Housing.  Better Infrastructure.  Much Better Environmental Laws.  Clean Energy.  Parks.  Less oil and coal.  White Suremacist are terrorists and shoul be prosecuted as such. Address high collegevdebt.
socialism, failure to upload the law and constitution as written
economy and getting people back to work. open up
-9
1. health care2. green new deal3. raise federal minimum wage4. forgiving student loan debt
Diversity from the Democrats and liberal media. Spreading hatred and pretending to care of people.
Ecomonic  Stabilility/RecoveryPandemic
The economy as a whole
Black Loves Matter movement and the LGBTQ+ Healthcare equality movement are very important
political coruption
jobs, we need jobs available for people to work and pay bills, government hand outs only go so far
the Election how crooked it was
Pandemic, because it is much worse that it should be due to the mismangement by the Trump administration.
Polarization, unrest and job insecurity.
resolving the covid pandemic
We are in a civil war of sorts now; a war over ideas and ideals, direction and policy
Socialism -- seriously? What the problem is with that? It defies our constitution, the foundation of our REPUBLIC. If I wanted to live in a socialist country, I'd have moved to Venezuela
Corona Virus
Fake news destroyed our democracy, created civil war-like division and have destroyed the credibility of the entire system.
global warming - the refusal to act on it, lack of acceptance among general puic, fear by legislators to fo anything about it. it will result in further environmental catastrophes (hurricanes, fires, pandemics) that will kills us
We have allowed people who possess foreign interests (many of whom even possess dual citizenship with other countries) into our highest levels of government. A staggering number of our congresspeople are dual citizens with other countries, which I believe is very un-American and inherently compromises their position.
-1
covid pandemic is sickening and killing people, and destroying our economy
Health care,  climate change
racial tensionsCovid
Racism...people going at war with one another because of the difference in nationality.
irrational wreckless spending
COVID 19, GETTING PEOPLE BACK TO WORK SAFELY.
global warming,crime
The polarization of this country in terms of political parties. Moderates are few and far between these days and there is very little common ground to be found it seems
government disfunction
Green power, a lot of people want renewable energy but don't want wind mill farms or solar panel farms in their backyards but push them into other peoples backyards and basically tell them you deal with it, you can move to the big city if need be.
PANDEMIC- THE COUNTRY NEEDS TO UNIFY AND TREAT THIS SERIOUSLY
Getting through this election. Virus. To much hate. Police shooting to fast. Unemployment. Health care.
making the qorld a better place again
-9
Highly polarized society
Healthcare system
Election fraud,shows the people how little thier vote means when there is cheating involved
-9
Race and equity, COVID-19
politcians and how untrustworthy they are
Pandemic Coronavirus
Racism is still heavily ingrained in many facets of our society
covid 19 and getting a vacine. china
national debt.china trade practices.
obstreperous, unreliable & basically useless leadership
Misinformation and the inability or unwillingness to distinguish facts from lies.Republicans have shown to not respect any rules or principles that they have set, not even the ones they have set themselves; like not confirmating a supreme court justice during an election.
covid19
ninguno
la delincuencia y el abuso policiaco
Division, our county has become very divided.
devisivenes and hate groups
DECEPTIONOur country is devided, our rights our freedoms are being stripped away. The lies of government, big business and the rich getting richer, poor getting poorer is a constant issue. The people who are able to cover up all their sins and broken laws, I feel will soon surface and be made to pay for their crimes. The lists of lies, cover ups, and down right wrongs to the American people is endless. I pray for truth, justice and for our Country to be great again.
Black lives/ immigrantsparenthood
Covid-19 ans how the county is handling and dealing with this topic
The most important problems facing the country are the Covid pandemic, impending environmental collapse, and rampant inequality in wealth, healthcare, and other areas of well-being.
healthcare is a right for all citizens. It should be readily available and free. I want a public option for all.
RacismSexismPovertyMinimum wagebills being so high people cannot afford to feed themselves or their families.
pandemic, disease is easily spread. Can not have lock downs. Students must get back to school.
income inequality, climate change
covid-19 & relared economy
Healthcare - I pay hundreds in insurance every month but still have to pay hundreds every time someone in my family has to go to the doctor.  It's easier not to go to the doctor.
climate change and the republican's complete denial of it's existential threat
CovidViolenceGuns
liberal socialist agenda
Socialism destroying our country and the middle class.
EXTREME LEFT LEANING POLITICS DRAGGING US TOWARD ANARCHY
Biggest problem is having a plan for dealing with COVID - this should have been done by federal government. Mask mandate. PPE for healthcare workers.
Respect-- There isn't enough. If the people we elect are allowed to treat people without respect and "it's fine". Its a trickle down affect. in this case it's a raging river. No one has respect for anyone or anything anymore. Thats alot of any...
Too many people wanting free stuff.
Job lose, Covid pandemic, economic issues
jobs
PANDEMIC, THE VIRUS HAS EFECTED EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE.CAUSES STRESS, LONELINESS. MISSING OUR FAMILIES, CHILDREN, GRANDCHILDREN AND FRIENDS. VERY SAD
-9
healing from discord from Trumps presidency
Economy - COVID
-1
seperation, poverty, inequity, rage, mental health, pandemic
Racial injustice & Gun Control
jobs
Liberals and big business
coronavirus, economy, race relations
Moving forward from COVID shutdown and saving businesses and in turn the lives of millions of Americans. We now have enough data to show that this is not a dangerous or as deadly as we had feared.
Crisis of democracy
There are several, but the moral decay and the taking of God out of this nation is the worst.
NATIONAL DEBT!!
Trump's disastrous handling of our International Relationships
social media and news outlets guvibg nfirmation out tgat us not correct
Covid as well as it's social and economic impacts
THE COVID19 PANDEMIC
COVID-19 Pandemic
The worsening symptoms of radicalism and systemic racism.
-9
The covid 19 pandemicPoverty
Police brutality
The ongoing attacks on GOOD police, The constant pushing of racism as a conservative issue. riots and destruction of our cities everytime something does not go the liberals way. Antifa and Black Lives matters leading this destruction. The division of the left and right as it now with no room for debate from the government down to everyday people in general. Covid 19 and the ridiculous restrictions being imposed. Most people with common sense know what to do. Punish the ones not adhering to common sense instead of all!
we are divided by politics
climate changewealth inequalitycovid 19electoral college2 party system
Illegal Immigrants
People with power and greed
Dualistic thinking..the divisiveness.Also...the cost of everything..salaries are not keeping pace. It is very hard to get ahead in this country.
Fraud, lies, deception.
DIVISION AND DISRESPECT
Control of our government and biased media by those who wish to push their own progressive agendas against the will of the people while attacking those who have differing opinions.
Cost of healthcare and insurance in this country is a disaster.
Race, Money ,debt, employment
Rise of socialism in popularity
division by media
everybody's life matters!!!!  the media is a real huge problem in their distorted version of news, we just elected a man who is showing signs of Alzheimer's into the presidency how does this happen it has nothing to do with party lines whatsoever he is mentally incapable.  I cannot see where defunding the police and even encouraging this will ever be productive.  I live in a state where it was complete anarchy it was absolutely ridiculous and the governor never did anything to stop it.  we have become a country of a bunch of disrespectful me me me type behavior
Covid 19, causing failures of small business in America
that everybody wants aomething for free and the government is giving in to them. people who work extremely hard arent given any opportunity where somebody who hardly works at all gets everything handed to them. like free health insurance for people who dont work but a working class person cant afford to have healthcare. and people are way too offended by everything now a days.
Covid-19  Systemic Racism
-1
Police killing unarmed black men
congresstional strife
Compromised elections processes to eventually eradicate our Constitution and Country through corrupt means
The Economy, fixing our immigration system to make it easier to become a citizen, socialist
covid needs to be taken care of asapso we can move forward with our lives
The degradation of democratic principles through attempts by authoritarian leaders to bypass restrictions, laws and norms.
Division
racial and gender economic inequality and injustice, white supremacy, ignorant uninformed electorate, Christian bigotry, conservative and libertarian ideals (party over country), the presidents authoritarian push to remain in power, oh and the pandemic.
Lack of unityHealthcareFunding for education
Systemic racism, Pandemic
no health insurance, social security, housing, racism,
Terrorist groups being allowed to riot unchecked, police being marginalized, conservative groups being marginalized, the foundation of this country being undermined, uncheck ILLEGALS, wrong being praised as being right.
illegals being welcomed and receiving american benefits
crooked politions
Treatment of immigrants, Climate change, Racial injustice
division-people have turned against each other instead of pulling together.
the cost of living is too high.
socialism, I want to keep my rights and not feel that I have to give to social issues thru taxes
covid and economy
Covid,and peace
Social-Inequalities
getting covid under control without shutting down the economy
bullying, selfish people, too big of a difference between upper and lower class, healthcare
Covid 19 and the uncertainties on the subject, limited resources, social media, unemployment, financial hardships
Black Lives Matter and Democrats
race relations, COVID, unemployment, equal access
-9
pandemic — substantial increase in infections ams deaths amd lack of federal leadership to address rhe situation.
The country's debt. Healthcare. All the americans on wellfare.
stop all in house fighting and finger pointing ( grow up )
fear of pandemic
Donald Trump stupidity
economy immigration government size/spendinggovernment overreach (inforcing social policies)
the arrogance, hypocrisy, and hatred coming from the liberals. actually coming from anyone.  And to much social media driving same
electing a presidentCovidUnemployment
selfishness, people dont care enough about others
media bias and misinformation
health insurance
Global warming, our polar caps are melting. Polar bears are starving to death and walruses and elephant seals have no where to go to get out of the water. Our coral reefs are bleaching and dying and nobody in charge seems to give a shit. OUR PLANET IS DYING PEOPLE. WAKE THE FUCK UP!!!!
the handling of covid
jobs, health care
Hatred and greed
el racismo contra la clase bajasocial
Healthcare costs.
Hatred among the citizens of the US
election fraud, illegal immigrants, covid-19
Extreme level of division
1 Getting Covid 19 under control2 firing up the ecomomy
Oppression towards minorities and the mindset of racism
devision among the people
Economy. People need relief from the virus-especially those who have lost jobs or had hours cut.
the COVID-19 levels
Division of americans, isolation,  healthcare
Corona virus people are losing their jobs and it is spreading so fast
Covid, Systemic Racism, Education Costs, Private Healthcare
decimation of reproductive freedoms, covid
polarization causin division in our country
-9
corrupt voting poles and counting votes
lack of access to affordable healthcare
COVID-19. It impacts the economy
divided country
partison divide
idk
unemployment with businesses shutting down
Division and polarization between the binary political system
COVID, Healthcare, Social Security, and the Climate.
election fraud, software flipping votes, illegal and dead people voting, people voting twice, mail in ballots, observers not allowed to observe
Covid 19 pandemic
Ending the sex trafficing rings
Employment and economic
we are not united anymore. everyone wants what they want at the cost of everyone else.
coronavirus epidemic
To many opinions and bosses and not enough unity
fraud and dishonestly
economia y la salud . el racismo y la desiguldad tambien immigracion
Willful stupidity and manipulation stemming from foreigh interference in elections, campaign finance fraud and general shittiness, and division of wealth
Freedom of speech is being taken away, we are trying to be filtered and silenced. Little by little the radical left is attempting to take our rights away.
unemploymenthunger
race relations, immigration, health care, economy and justice department and supreme court both of which have been corrupted
Questionable election results. If Biden prevails, the undoing of the progress made in the past 4 years.The junk science around Covid 19
COVID - 19, the panademic not under control.
Corona VirusEconomyLaw and order
co vid 19 with people getting sick and dying
American Democratic Process
Poverty - working full time should support the person working and a family. It did when I grew up, but wages have stagnated and jobs that are stepping stones to the middle class have been shipped to China.
Lack of belief in the utility of science / rational thought / evidence based problem solving.
Climate Change; clean/safe water; racism; need for immigration reform
the poor still poorhigh taxes for the low class
biden being president.  Undoing Presidents Trump policies.  Socialism/communism   Anti-sematic issues with new?president
divisiveness based on political parties
There is no longer center ground, if feels as though there is clear division on every topic and it frequently results in a good vs evil mentality and a loss of critical thinking.
unsecured borders and illegal immigration
Threats to democracy by Donald Trump and Republican Senators that appease him.
thay need to get along in the white house   agree on the rigth thing
Controlling the pandemic
government not being accountableand government corruption
political divisiveness
Racism, police sanctioned murders, homegrown terrorists, no one listens.
the us being divided
racism socialismpoilce brutality social medicine
people with no jobs and no homes... Black lives matter, sex trafficking, immigration laws, immigrant children  being taken from their families...
pandemicclimate changeracial justiceeconomic equity
The Liberals, who are taking over whatever they can in our country and trying to push their own agendas. They are not in touch with what the average person wants and needs. They listen to a few radical people to make decisions. They appear to be giving in to radical ideas that just will not work, even if they are not for them, simply because of radical people or groups that are yelling the loudest, using violence or simply bold enough to confront and demand ideas that will negatively affect the average American. They use negative race and religious comments in an effort to make us feel bad and to control us. Most Americans, of every nationality, are kind and good people who help others all the time and are not racist. They are reasonable and just want to be able to work, take care of their families and be safe.
police   social gathering
JOBS UNEMPLOYMENT
health care cost
Public health issues that the public ignores
county going bankrupt in so many areas
Racism,Covid-19, and living wages.
media witholding and manipulating the news--including social media.
Government, media, social media, tech companies, search engines, FBI, CIA, big businesses, all being run by leftists. Censorship. Losing rights. Facts being controlled and distorted by a group/groups with an agenda.
INCOME INQUALITY AND SYSTEMIC RACISM
Black Lives, female representation, equality, human dignity from consception to natural death
Divisiveness: This country hasn't been this divided on political issues since the Civil War
Struggling Education; Climate Change
COVID 19 control and regulations
One of the most important problems facing us is the COVID19. We cannot make our economy better, education, or any basic problems better if this virus doesn't get under control because it affects every aspect of life.
structural racism in this country!
covid19, voilence, racism
lack of human decency
social and financial equality
pandemic response, economy
COVID-19, like I stated earlier, America is a corporation, they don't care about the people. It's all about money. You know the rest!
Racism, Money, Healthcare, Poverty, Obesity...
Division and polarization among political parties and their followers
COVID-19 -- the public health crisis and the economic and emotional toll it has caused
economy. we need to get more products made in the USA instead of importing everything from other countries
-1
welfare, people don't want to work anymore because its easier to collect welfare.
-1
Political systems needs to be revamped.  Old and outdated.  Life time time in office needs to become limited terms.
corona virus pandemic
Racism, Poverty, Police Reform and Immigration
Sociopolitical division. Congressional paralysis. Wealth disparity. Climate change.
el desempleo cada dia estan serrando mas lugares y mucho mas personas desempleadas
The effect the Pandemic has had on everyday life including our healthcare system, work, economy and family life.
1) Gross political bias in social media that perpetuates fear and division delivered by hyper, sarcastic, more emotional than not intelligent spokespersons.  2) Censorship in social media.  When a Caucasian policeman shoots a Black man it's all over the news but there is sparse if any coverage when a Black policeman shoots a Black man.  Check out what's happening in Chicago as an example.3) Losing, hiding, omitting racist statements, and awkward, out of control behaviors of Biden. 4) Loss of small and large business across the country.
people wnat things for free
COVID-19 control
Covid Pandemic:  Besides having so many deaths, the strain on healthcare workers, financial strain on our healthcare system, mental health and substance abuse issues are getting worse, the US education system is losing a year or more in continuity, and it's probably going to take ten to fifteen years for our economy to recover are all interrelated issues that are affecting every segment of our nation.
Political polarization.
defunding the police
Pandemic crisisInmigrationjob stability in some states
arrogant ignorance
Education system; Corrupted media; corrupted politicians; disrespect for law enforcement;
economy and the covid
The country is strongly divided; racism
covid...no vaccination. im a healthcare worker and its scary every day
I think Racism is a big problem, because it touches every aspect of society and how it's run, from the cooperate world to the type of job people of color can get how their viewed. It effects how high a person of color can go in cooperate America, even if they are qualified and have the experience and degrees. Racism touches law enforcement to the way people of color are viewed. It touches housing, because it effects where people of color live and how they (we) gain or do not gain wealth. Hopefully things are changing.
systemic racism
Health..Jobs...Racial Issues
We took God out of the equation.
violence,,an leadership
The lies that the media and Democrats tell, and somehow they believe it.  STUPID
the coronavirus
Americans are always getting the raq end of everything. example being these stimulous checks. Were not getting what we need. The american  people getting fianacial help, small businesses getting money, supplies for PPE, unemployement etc..... Instead you are waisting money being sent over seas !! for what exactly ??
The pandemic, the economic divide leaving most people with crippling economic stress, racism xenophobia sexism and the neo fascist movement that's feeding them
COVID management, economy, global warming/environment, police brutality, race relations, global relations
The Covid 19 pandemic.
COVID, Healthcare, Racial Equality
prejudices towards people of color and different backgrounds
Devisive Media that report slanted and biased opinions
Covid and how the guidelines were not beig followed
Covid 19 and the increasing of death plus the lack of the sitting president to do a damn thing about it.
COVID National Response
covid 19 problem right now
divide in the country
INCOME INEQUALITY
global warming and the lack of importance we give
the covid virus
education (the US is becoming less and less educated when compared to itself and other rich countries), racism, xenophobia, homophobia, health care/debt, wage gap
-1
Division among Americans
Big Government: people are to comfortable with surrendering freedoms for promises of "free stuff"
Economy - wages in comparison with spending and virus restrictions
disunity, Covid, health care, student and housing debt, climate change effects, consequences of a widespread and socially acceptable hatred for law enforcement and authorities
covid 19 virus.
no comment
coronavirus;social justice;
Our new president starting in January----not capable and too far left
Pandemic is out of control
corvid-19, deteriorating economy, poor race relations
SocialismCovidUnemployment
marxism. the country slowly being taken over with hate and marxist ideas.
the far leftlaw and orderrace issues
Divisiion in ideas and the solutions to the ideas
POLICE BRUTALITY; COVID-19
Racism
Access to and cost of healthcare
black lives matter, biden
-9
DONALD J TRUMP.- DONALD J TRUMP  - DONALD J TRUMP
Covid-19, Civil unrest, economy and election turmoil.
no enough jobs, low pay for many jobs, no help for students
PAC money pouring in to Congress
EROSION OF DEMOCRACY
The economy is the most important issue.  Small business is suffering.
Socialism giving free perks to citizens or non citizens .
The inconsistency of political leaders across the country on how to handle the covid virus. It is doing great harm to the people trying to make a living. How are they supposed to eat and pay their bills?
small businesses
No representation in government for We The People
national security, keeping all countries safe and prosperous
Division, the division of Conservative Government vs Socialism.  Following our constitution vs revising our constitution to fit Socialism
SARS-CoV-2 virus.
Coronavirus and the largest divide in our nation that we have seen in a long time
covid, the pandemic. We need to get it under control.
dont know , don't understand
so many people say black lives matter.  All lives matter. yes, there is a real bad racial problem. but by constantly shouting about that, it is creating other problems.  Every different group of people dont need a special day, or club, orlawsuits against other people.  sometimes people just talk. And they are not being racial or prejudiced.  I know that there is a problem in our country.But not every comment is being racial....  people just need to be kind and care about all of mankind.
racismchrono virus
Racism, social classes disparity.
Racism Police Brutality
Unemployment, Stimulus to Americans so they can pay bills and have food, Pandemic.The Senate and Congress don't care to pass new package because they all have health care and pay checks coming in, they are sitting in warm homes with good meals
Capitalism. The system set up hundreds of years ago by men writing with feathers by candle light should not dictate modern society. The government needs to separate god and religion from every aspect of their job. Considering the stories of religion and how people let that dictate their lives today, it's very similar to how our government has been formed. It needs to change. But I know it won't because there's too much money to be made by the elitists. Why would they change a system that benefits them?
Division---lots of selfish hate groups competing for the limelight. A divided nation is a vulnerable one.
•Media bias/dishonesty•”Cancel Culture”•Censorship/Freedom of SpeechThese contribute to the overall division, anger, and lack of respect we currently have for each other.
The EpidemicRacial inequalitySocial Inequality
the next four years with Joe Biden
seperation of classes.  We're all one and I feel we're so divided and the government is making this situation worse every year.
joe biden and his team
hunger
people not thinking for themselves. there is not enough honest conversation.  People have been afraid to speak their opinions.
Health Care/ ACA / COVID-19
KILLINGS BY POLICE
virus and how many deaths have occurred
I think the pandemic is an issue.  If it is as dangerous as they say then we cannot do things part way.  Like saying we should limit personal gatherings but it is ok to go protest, go to church, or go to political events.  Those in charge are speaking out of both sides of their mouths and we need to have a consistent reaction.  Honesty from politicians, doctors, and media would be a great place to start.  This is what leads to a lot of the other issues too.
progressives destroying middle class
Covid, division of people
Racial and economic injustice
crime, gun control, cop killing people and racism
Covid PandemicBorder protectionEqual rights and opportunity for all, equal right in criminal justice systemBalance in policing especially in minority communitiesEducation
racism, poverty
healthcare costs
Our country is so divided.
Covid and the economy
economy since pandemic. media embelishments jobs at home
Public Health and Safety; i.e. fighting the COVID-19 pandemic
Police Brutality
economy and cover 19
Equality, Health Care, Politics
economy, all the businesses that closed do to covid really hurt the economy. we need to open the country back up with precautions in place. we can’t quit living out of the fear of dying.
COVID 19 and the disaster that was created by this administration with not dealing with it sooner and faster. And it's continued lack of consideration for the deadly disease and subsequent economic issues that COVID has created
Covid is a huge problem.  Each state dealing with it in their own way isn’t working and we need a national mask mandate.  We also need clear, stiff penalties for not wearing one in public and for things like people going out with friends, to work, etc...while waiting for test results or knowing they are positive.
dont know
Race inequality
Covid  19  virus
need to respect and follow our medical, scientific leaders adviseries on our pandemic!
Economy, Racism
The politicization of public health is the biggest problem we now face.
Division of politics
-5
we need to get covid under control
1. Coronavirus
economy with the pandemic happening earlier this year the economy started tanking
the divisive nature of politics. the way the media plays up this divide. the way the media is in no way fair or impartial, highly editing footage to mislead.the growing call for socialism. the lack of understanding what personal responsibility is and the importance of it.
-9
covid, racism needs to stop cops killing ppl they need to use less lethal force before using guns and killing ppl
Individuals not have ability to access adequate amd coat effective healthcare. Being over taxed. Mental health not being of importance. Social workers getting paid nothing!
The sad part is it is whatever the media feels like they want to saturate all people with.
Climate.  Equal access to justice, education, health, employment, pay and voting for all.
drugs lazy people covid democrats
right now it has to be getting covid under control
POLITICAL CORRUPTION AND THE SOCIALIST AGENDA
covid need more restrictions
covid, jobs, and taxes
economy is not good. and I dont see it getting any better any time soon.
health insurance
-9
We must get the Covid pandemic under control. i also have no idea how to unite our countey. we have to find some common ground. People are full of hate for "the other side". Facts don't seem matter to many people.
this does not make sense, you ask for a list of problems but then say if you think there are more than one briefly name only one? Logically invalid
? the virus
Problems caused by the Corona Virus, illness, death, unemployment & shutting down of our economy.
Covic-19, Racism, employment,
health care. we need universal health care
Pandemic, Economy
racism - inequality, killing black people, divided country, hate groups, domestic terrorism against other americans
Racism/discrimination
the total lack of unity
undmployment, the pandemic, homelessness
deviceness our political leaders are pulling us apart
Capitalism, Racism, Christian Fundamentalism, Sexism, Patriotism
Loss of moral values, loss of religious faith, poor parenting, divisiveness stoked intentionally by media and liberal organizations turning the youth against the country
economy as we address covid 19 recovery
Reducing inequality
Social injustice
convid19 virus
major issues facing this country is poverty, the Rich getting richer while the rest of the country struggles, not enough resources for schools, the people and for global warming.
Congress cannot write a Federal Budget, All or Nothing means USA is deeply in Debt fromover leveraging Revenue and substituting Debt for limited Tax Revenue.Result is USA has more per person Debt than Greece or EU.Result: Collapse of the Dollar $ and Economy from Exchange Rates.
If and when Biden takes over. I think American will lose their jobs to immigrants. taxes will rise. our economy will shut down because of COVID-19. our world is in for a world of hurt
people without enoughif you have a job and your health you can do anything
very important racial think about all americans
corruption, a lot of our federal agencies and politicians are corrupt. there is a lot of communist infiltration in the past and now
Covid-19. National security risk posed by Donald Trump. Too many lies coming from media. Racism.  Big corporations not paying their fair share of tax.  Social Media such as Facebook getting too big and not regulated properly.
pro life2nd Amenddo nothing Congress,not willing to work things out,just party line.
racism, donald trump, conservatives, conspiracy theorists
i think the problem we have today in our country is
the flaring of racism and income inequality
money hungry politicians
Trump needs to conceed and the Biden /Harris to make there mive on the tasks at hand.  Virus and the economy like they said.
HOMELESS , HUNGER , AND HEALTHCARE
social entitlement
hatred  and  very angery
COVID has cost lives and jobs. It has left the economy in shambles.
racism is at an all time high
people being too emotionally sensitive
Partisan politics, healthcare, high paying jobs, conspiracy theories.
???? ?bbbbbbgewwdghj4wxc
Stupid question- do you want what I think "are the most important problems?" OR "briefly name one problem now?"Obviously declining academic standards and education in general are (a) huge problem(s).
National Health Care for all americans from birth to death
medical coverage illegal immigration
Covid, climate change, rising inequality
COVID-19, Mitch McConell
Racism, the denial of racism, crooked politicians ( The swamp was never drained it just got bigger with Trump in office), political division and extremism, MAGA supporters, QAnon, Donald Trump and his spineless republican cronies, the uninformed citizens that don't even know what socialism actually is; but stand behind a fascist president, the meek democrats that aren't saying or doing anything but idly sitting by while Trump is undoing our democracy with his fake claims of voter fraud because he's a narcissistic, wannabe dictator, sore loser that's dodging prison.
Covid-19 must be tamped down ASAP. It is destroying our economy.
The economy because Joe Biden's policies will probably cause a stock market crash like we had when he was vice president under Obama and lead to a recession.
COVID which is obvious. Economy and debt
health problems
mostly just covid-19.
human rights for lbgtq
The lack of listening an empathy.  Too much emotion and name calling.
Division, leftists are desiring to fundamentally change America. Listen to Chuck Schumer’s comment about winning Georgia and changing America.
Covid spread and impact on everyone
1. China's growing military power that is going unchecked by the United States. 2. Green energy becoming an ideology, with total disregard of the money costs to average    Americans. Also, the overtaxing of gasoline and diesel by all of the states!3. Societal breakdown. If police are continued to be demonized, we are on a path to societal    failure. Good policeman should be honored and respected. Bad policeman should be punished.
ultra left wing democrats
Division between poor and rich, too big
many problems. 1. unifying the country it is now very divided. 2. getting the corona virus under control. 3. equality of all people. 4. enacting sensible gun control laws. 5. better health care for all. 6. lowering health care and drug costs.
meanness and division.
election fraud, we need to have coter id, clean up voter roles, and stop using the dominion voting machines.
climate change, systemic and systematic racism, disappearance of the middle class, healthcare accessibility
Affordable Health Insurance
Pandemic, Social disparities, Black lives matter
corona virus
-9
the pandemic is killing people,jobs,the economy,and the healthcare of the country.
-1
Racism is one of the biggest cancers in American society. Systemically and in gwenral.
Gun Reform laws, politically polarized country, systemic racism and inequality (access to education, etc)
The gap between rich people, and people living in poverty. Homelessness. Housing costs. Unlivable wages. Not enough affordable access to healthcare and specifically mental health care
partisan gridlockglobal warmingequality
ecom ,pandemic
COVID - 19 - School Closures, Shutting down the economy, Taking away OUR FREEDOMS
Systemic racism
Balance is a problem with our country, withou balance we will be no different then all the other countries
social communism
Virus, unemployment, climate change, conspiracy theories, racism, political division
covid 19 i think our goverment could do better with the death number and tedting for it
The overthrow of the government by criminal elements of the CIA, the FBI and The Democrat Party.  Aided by the disgusting Main Stream Media.
Racism against people of color.
Affordable Healthcare for all citizens
covid-19 pandemic
Currently, the handling of Covid, which is causing people to be jobless
Racism.  Racism.  Racism
socialism changing morals of marriage and gender freedom of all types
racial equality, immigration, covid
Lack of unity- everythinf and everyone is divided. You cant trust media and cant even trust the fact checkers.
COVID - controlling this disease
Besides the obvious pandemic, institutional racism is our biggest problem
No faith. Look at the founding of america. Providence was praised in all things. Now He has been removed, even within the faux-church. Faith built america. Faith will save america
covid-19, Antifa.
Childcare in America
-9
Covid 19, there is no vaccine and there have been way too many lives lost, it has hurt our economy and has placed a financial burden on alot of people
Rampant fascism.
rich get richer while poor suffer. stars & sports people paid millions while service people like nurses paid too little.
CovidWorld StandingEconomy
Si hay mas de unos miles, ejemplo el problema de la salud ( coronavirus) y demás enfermedades la falta de oportunidades de trabajo, falta de seguro de salud para el desempleado, ayuda para las personas que quieren estudiar etc.
health care is broken. health care should be a right and not for profit
division between the people, and groups that actively promote it for their own means. falling behind globally on education and lack of focus on science.
la delincuencia , la corupcion , oportunidad de trabajo, la pencion para loa retirados muy baja , loa taxes para los retirados que no tienen hijos de edad escolar.
controllong immigration
COVID-19 we need to get it under control I believe going in to another lock down would help this siauation
COVID response - containing virus spread while keeping as many businesses solvent as possible, and providing financial support for these businesses and the unemployed, rapid distribution of the vaccines.
biden will ruin the country
to many movements allowed an supported by politics..to much freedom is bad i know sounds crazy but not all groups can be firstneed national healthcareneed federally legal Marijuana need tuff immigration an common sence policy reguarless if it hurts feelingsbig tech is a monster that has destroyed our culture an democratic institutions.. it needs to be reigned in period . . make laws an regulations.. again to much freedom is badwe need to pay higher taxes an be proved more in return on the social ie healthcare an insurance lvl.. we need to be tuff on obesity  the public doesbt need more education lol everyone knows ablut doughnut lol we need gov subsidies for gyms or incentives to lose weight.. more carrots not sticks.. paid for by those higher taxespolitics has gotten vile.. im afraid to express my views except to close friends.. i only do this study for the cash an its real.. hince the carrots ty... so you get my honest opinions i respect real... so do most everyone.. an everyone is tired of being feed lies from the internet..big tech, media, politics,  so the normal people pull back an hide.. an the deeply entrenched are the ones who are vocal..hince the discord
The coronavirus. The pandemic has upended our lives and our economy
Education, poverty, food access, local news access, big money in politics and news, systemic racism, systemic injustice, privatized jails & prisons, hate groups, access to guns that are meant for hunting humans
Black lives and libertiesA large wealth gapLimited resources and Covid-19
election integrity
No decent leadership
none
Taking God out of schools.
Climate change, foreign relations, systemic racism
racism taking away r rights
Racism is the biggest problem.
capitalism greed the want of too many for socialism
massive division, people unaccepting of those who dont share their beliefs, fear due to uncertainty of global pandemic
individual rights being free from excessive taxation.
pandemic, unemployment & divisive political situation
I think the Democrats have divided the United States of America beyond repair.  I believe that the United States of America so see into two different countries.  Democrats States of America and Republican States of America.  The elected officials should negotiate the split and the supreme court should settle any differences.  The Democrats behavior the last four years is abhorrent and clearly they no longer want a United States of America because we(and i use that term loosely and temporarily) are not United on anything.
Socialism movement.
everyone has turned into children there is no such thing as grown-ups in this day and age
social justice and a feeling of community
covid-19, immigration, poverty, education distribution, investment, and cost
socialism. making more ppl dependent on the government. paid for by those of us that work.
income equality. unfair share of profits.
race inequality, the growing gap between the wealthy and the poor. housing casts so highmany hard working lower class people unable to buy homes.  Poor distribution of the wealth,increasing rise of big buisness and wealthy people wanting more and more.intolerance for people different than themselves.  lack of pride and love for their countryloss of religion and religious values, rise in radical power driven groups.
la economia. la pandemia
Economy was doing well up until the beginning of the year now there is a high unemployment rate in the area we live.
lack of equality
CovidRacismTrumpPoliticsImmigration Police
la decigualdad por que no somos tratados como personas iguales
covid 19 and closing of businesses
If its only one, I would say how divided the country is.  Most other issues we have I feel stem from the fact that we are fighting with each other and lack leadership, communication.
Progression toward socialism or centralized government control.
Biden not receiving full access to white house briefings
Corruption & distrust in our political systemCorona VirusThreat of Socialism in our govt
partisan. white privilege.
racism, black people are using this as an excuse for everything
COVID-19, Economy, Climate Change
COVID-19 Pandemic
THE PANDEMIC AND UNEMPLOYMENT
Covid and Trump inept handling of it. If everyone would have worn mask this whole time it would be so much better contained. It is terrible that people made masks a political statement.
Trump's attempt to destroy democracy
theres too much racist behavior and complete disrespect for fellow human beings.
Coronavirus, unemployment, health insurance, economy
Unemployment, economy
its very stressful an acary whem u have [REDACTED FAMILY DETAILS] to care an take care if in this world we love in. but i do believe in our God above
-9
fear the covid 19. full term abortion
addressing climate change
nra
Big tech monopolies controling content
Communist China
covidpolice brutalityimmigration system is terrible- shouldnt be family separation- we should allow refugeesdivided country- cant come together to solve issues
affordable housing
Too much corruption in washington.  Our Freedoms are being slowly taken away but it's being said for our own good :(   People who are corrupt, want to be liked and want people's approval.
Disrespecting & defunding police
donald trumpconservative judges in the supreme court
systemic racism / white supremacy
COVID-19 solutions and community health
economy - people need to be able to earn a living, save their businessesvirus - need to find ways to live with this virus’s existenceschools - to get kids back in schools with greater oversight to what is being taught
el racismo en todas las comunidades
Healthcare (to include the handling of the pandemic)Police brutalityLack of equal pay for women and minoritiesLack of funding for education
racism. climate, infrastructure, education costs
the current president
covid19 pandemic
extremist behavior, disregard for science, racism, belief in conspiracies
Socialism is trying to be forced on us.
liberalism, socialism, abortion
Disrespect for this Country. Jerks taking a knee during the National Anthem. Fools burning and stomping on our flag. And since when does rioting and looting represent peaceful protesting? Burning buildings, cars, businesses, and killing police officers represent Black Lives Matter? If you look closer at the blacks killed everyone had either a criminal record or was high on drugs. These lawless bastards should have all been arrested or shot on the spot!
The increasing risk that global warming is posing to the prosperity of this country.
not enough social distancing and masks. we need more masks.
Currently it is the stolen presidency.
I think the most important topics right now are the coronavirus, Healthcare, social justice issues, a working wage for all Americans and climate change
Those in the Senate and the House should have term limits
COVID-19 and how the economy is doing.
THE COUNTRY IS VERY DIVIDED
So worried about black lives matter...maybe concentrate on EVERY LIFE Matters.CovidCrime worse and worse every day
I believe once the dust settles from the tragedies that occurred this year, I fear that the country's national debt and budget deficit will start becoming an increasingly large problem. Increased spending and borrowing done in the near future to solve currently glaring problems will balloon the debt to such a degree that it will become a larger problem than many had anticipated.
government over reach/trust
Income and wealth disparity. Economic issues at the middle class and poor level. Systemic and systematic racism. Disconnect between politicians and what's really happening in the lives of everyday Americans.
Covid 19:  Until we get the virus under control, progress in other areas cannot be made.  There is a lot of lost ground that needs to be made up based on the Trump administration's failure to adequately deal with the challenges of the virus.
Partisan media
Racial/Gender Inequality, police brutality, capitalism, the prison industrial complex
The Pandemic (COVID)is one of the biggest problem since we do not have it under control, it is killing people and also ruining the economy.
Covid 19 is number one...
2nd amendment, high taxes, too much registration for small businesses
the illegal immigrants entering the country
The destruction to our everyday life caused by COVid
Controlling COVID so we dont have to shutter/shut down our economy
A US Senate controlled by the Republican Party
Lockdowns and fear of a virus
homelessnessconservativesracismtaking away basic human rights
the coronavirus
racism, hate and debt
Voter irregularities and inconsistencies
domestic terrorism
-1
Policing in America / lack of professionalism in journalism / Socialist movement trying to destroy country
black life matter people that need to be here
widespread propagation of, and belief in disinformation
equalityeconomy during and post covidpolice protectionlqbt
food, money and health insurance
push by the left for globalismfraud in the election systemdemocrat policies reversing gains by President TrumpChina taxes
Racial Divison- Obama created this division unnecessarily and how we are having to deal with it.
Covid Pandemic and Racial inequality
unemployment for the younger generation
90% news only one way
racism and covid 19. not having paid leave and closing the country
Not enough unity in the senate to get anything done, IE stimulus package
covid-19 amd unemployment
I think the most important problem is the Corona virus.
covid, poor, hatred
covid and the handling of faster ways to help citizen
PANDEMIC-CORONA VIRUS-NO HELP FFROM CONGRESS-NO STIMULUS EXTENSION-DRUG AND JUSTICE SYSTEM  PROBLEMS
anarchist and bail reform
cheating in our elections
Covid19,Donald Trump
covid 19and its effect on all world economies and how it hasbecome plitical.
poverty is expanding and becoming more of a problem these days, and not much is being done to help the problem
Division of political parties
If Biden wins, and its not a corrupt fraud election, Socialism
The deep divide in the country due to political and social beliefs
middle class is not large enough
Hunger, homelessness
Strongly partisan main stream media networks.
racism amongst each other
economy high unemployment and recovery from the pandemic
covid-19
people in high position not doing the right thing for all people
The most important problem is the idea that everyone is owed something or the same thing. We are under the impression that everyone should be given the same opportunities, but the problem is that not everyone wants to work to the same work level, thus leaving this very unfair.
One of the biggest problems I see is, we are continuously trying to make EVERYTHING "fair" by lowering the bar. Its made us a weak nation full of weak people. We should be teaching our children and the world to strive for greatness, reach higher.
covid, racism, the evonomy.
Mental Health Insurance
Racism, low paying jobs
The COVID-19 pandemic
covid, jobs economy
The amount of individualistic entitlement, which leads to discourse amongst the many rather than working together. Believing we can all have different needs and ideas and working for the greater good of everyone in this country has been lost and each group continues to grow aggressively more entitled to their own way as the correct way.
rioters, looters, too much gun control
covid-19, people keep saying they want to fix it but have done nothing.
covid 19
homeless, lack of incentive for people to work, mental illness and drug use.  pandemic
Move toward socialism
Illegal Immigration,  drugs, socialism, the DC swamp
The country is being split by spioled kids who have no clue.
Getting COVID-19 under control
many.social security, medicare and etc
Having the people in true power continue to make the people who are less rich and fortunate fight amongst each other. This is so that the people in power stay in power.
Joe Biden becoming president of united states. making abortion legal. this country turning into a communist and socialist country.
Economic struggles for those who have lost jobs due to Covid-19.  The potential shutting down of all businesses and schools is also a big concern.
getting country back to work
Corona virus infection and the problems that inherently come from it, such as deaths most often coming in less privileged economic groups, severe physical needs, significant mental health needs, high levels of unemployment, stress for all first responders, high increase of federal spending for testing, etc., the political division it has magnified, the activity of radical individuals and groups, and the general strain on all facets of our society for many months.
racism, inequality, social security
racial discrimination
Polarization of the media, which is incredibly irresponsible. Identiy politics will be the undoing of American exceptionalism.We have a lack of strong leaders - there are very few ‘guiding light’ examples for people to look up to (each individual and their public persona seems to be politicized)
CIVILITY AND KINDNESS//
Jobs.  We need to invest in raising the wages for the working class by building a green infrastructure
moral I beleive is most important as with things the way they are faced with uncertaincy. education is also a cocern with remote learning. no socialization.
Environmental Pollution and not taking measures to make legislature to stop pollution and to create safe energy for the future
populism -cult of personality overriding government norms and lowering bar for acceptable behaviour
Race and systemic Racism
Not tight enough or structured guidelines for covid reduction and elimination.
COVID 19 The EconomyHealth Care
pandemic impact
police brutality
social media/disinformation
Econ, Health stop closing down business
corona virus No Vacine yet
covid 19 not under control
Immigration - Undocumented & illegal aliens in our conuntry utilizing our resources and tax payer dollars.
Raceism with the onset of Trumps presidency the country has been polarized and the true feelings of many Americans that were an integral part of our social and work life their true feelings were exposed in the way they supported Trump Mcconnell and Graham the good old boy network was alive and well for the Us Congress to support things they knew were morally and ethically wrong
Global warming. Animals losing their home and food. Environment rapidly changing. Ice melting. Air hard to breath. Water rising. Scary weather.
corna viruse spreading
COVID-19; lack of standard precautions among states, no leadership from the President, and high infection rate occurring around the country. It is suppressing the economy and keeping people from living their lives.
The lack of leadership on how to handle the pandemic. This applies to both the federal and state level.
Demorcrates lie and deny and never take responsibility
pandemic, economy, unemployment
Division, global warming, COVID. racism.
people, respect,
understanding our rights during this time of pandemic.
Covid-19 pandemic
Division of population into right and left.
racism, poverty
Congress - Senate is in lockstep - uncaring regarding the country
money..racist
Electing people who dont want or know how to run a country.
hatred- in the form of racism,
Covid 19, we need to get it under control, people have to start taking responsibility for taking needed precautions.  Getting the economy running again is no good if everyone is dead.
The fact that President Trump still thinks the election was rigged. The way the country is so divided. I used to have friends but now since I voted for Biden they dont speak to me anymore. I was told by a so called friend that she feels sorry for me and my Grandkids for voting for Biden.
Covid, Race relations, economy, wealth Gap
covid-19 lockdowns ruining the economy and causing small businesses to fail.
Voter fraud. I believe there is a very fair chance that Trump lost the election with only a minimal amount of fraud and error.  However, there are a lot of unanswered questions that don't seem to make sense and I think it is only fair that they be looked at.
covid and the left
Our ineffectual handling of climate change is very dangerous.
covid relief, racism, women's rights, climate change, wage gap
covid 19 was not handle properly by presdeint trump and has cost this country many things including unecessary deaths
-5
The far-right new age Rep. party (republicommienazifascists), corruption, Russia, China, SCOTUS, ignorance, Mitch McCommie (Senate majority leader), election security, dark money, Senate cowards with an R. party affiliation, overpopulation, climate change, pollution, overdevelopment, selling of US public owned land, etc.,
the media and big tech like facebook being the arbiters of there truth. the alphabet agencies harassing only conservatives and activists judges.
poor public schools
sexual trafficking among the elite & politicians, JOE BIDEN as president. he is gearing to turn the US towards socialism... a bad bad move.
Coronavirus, culture wars, science denialism, poverty, media illiteracy
-1
Covid, drug problem, homeless
our economy and how its responding to COVID
Division of people in our country brought on by social media, mainstream media, and the soft minded looking for a handout because they want something for free indstead of working for it.
Education. Stop the schools from teaching (brainwashing) our children  to hate their country.
corrupt politicians, racism.
Covid19 PandemicIncreasing income inequalityUnemploymenthomelessnessDrug Additionclimate change
Medical insurance must be available for all our citizens.Racial and poverty injustice must be addressed.
covid and the people dying
ImmigrationDomestic terrorismCovid-19China War on Police
I think racial injustice is a huge problem this country is facing. However, I do strongly support our police. I think we all need to be united as it is in our countries name. I wish people would communicate in a better way instead of rioting and looting. I also think our president is highly disrespected and that is wrong.
Finding a cure for Covid 19.
lack or moral values
the coronavirus pandemic
PandemicHealth Care/Big PharmClimate ChangeImmigrationMental Health
the division between people over the current president
Division, economy
Overwhelming Police violence/brutality and unjustifiable killings amongst people of color.
News bias Political divisionHealth carePolitician term limits
immigration is importanthuman trafficking-big time important!!!abortion is wronggun control- not taking my guns awaylower taxesconstitutional rightsvoter fraud - quered ballots is bullshitviolence police defunding is ludacrissocial security & disability-taking care of our elderly is important
misinformation from mainstream media
on how slow they act when we have a issue covid snows train natural
COVID-19 RESPONSE BY PUBLIC--WEAR THE DAMN MASKS
Fraud and corruption in the Presidential Election
Due to Covid-19, I believe most government officials are abusing their respective authority and causing grave harm to society from just about any angle.
immigration has not been dealt with for years. I believe President Trump is finally doing something.
covid, economy,
The country is split between different groups. It has internal conflicts, especially with race, wealth division, and the middle class getting screwed
No SECOND STIMULUS CHECK DURING THE PANDEMIC. PEOPLE ARE USLNABLE TO WORK PAY BILLS, EAT, ECT BECAUSE OUR OWN GOVERNMENT MADE A VIRUS TO CONTROL US.
COVID 19. THE SURGE AND WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE TO FLATTEN THE CURVE.
shootings, police Brutality, this Pandemic with CoVid that is leaving ALOT OF AMERICANS STRUGGLING
The Presidency!
Envriomental law roll backs. The unchecked police state. Disinformation campainges. Big business being placed above actual people. GREED!!!
media maipulation of the peoplecensorship of informationnon funded lockdowns. socialist agenda
right now COVID 19
Covid 19, the number of death it has cause.
Covid the pandemic
covid virus numbers higher than ever
The stealing of this last election by the Democrat Party by using open fraud.
Covid Handling
economy, covid
Division - People judging, unwilling to work together
Erosion of Democracy
Health care, care for poor and elderly people. Care for veterans
corona virus doing whats best instead of what a few complainers want
THE PANDEMIC.//
Right wing terrorism and christian fundamentalism morphing into the current trump fascist republican party is a danger to the core of the American republic.
transparentcy is our nations biggest problem. Presidents and other higher officials keep things a secret and let us know when it too late such as COVID
health insurance, environmental protection
liberal democrats,,, they are trying to destroy this country
division of the two major parties
DIVIDED SOCIETY, RACE TENSIONS, LACK OF LEADERSHIP
Climate change - if we don't figure that one out, either all of the other ones will become worse or none of them will matter
virus disease
COVID response and relief
people not able to compromise. thinking people are wrong just because they don’t agree with you.
with them trying to build a wall and this covid-19
Immigration affecting the lives of everyday Americans. Some poorer Americans citizens don't receive the benefits that many immigrants are afforded and with the liberals in the White House it WILL get worse.
election fraud. media and big tech censoring conservative thoughts and reporting on the election fraud. also censoring the Tara Reid story and Hunter’s laptop and the testsmony of  the man that was in buisiness with him. cant think of his name. ex naval officer
covid-19, failure to treat it appropriately and the results we now face
People not accepting responsibility for their own actions and demanding rights they don't earn.
The most important right now is getting the pandemic under control.
HEALTH CARE FOR ALL
viruscovid19
Stopping Covid by quickly providing a vaccine when available
moving to socialism
unemployment, student loans, homosexuality, health care
Corona Virus
OUT OF CONTROL spread of mis / dis information and outright lying.  Out of control social media.    Ignorance and denial of the COVID virus.
The decent that the liberals are formenting
racism. how blacks are being killed and nothing is being done about it.
climate change isnt being addressed at the corporation level
Division between parties.....
We are completely divided. Also, it is important to have some skepticism about what is being reported, but people have become completely distrustful of facts and expertise.
Dishonest and false, defamatory reporting by media and political parties.
Corrupt Media and Government. Too many partial stories
higher wage and better structure/training for officers. As well as having a better structure for recreational drug users. killers go to prision but drug users should not
Pandemic, jobs
housing.It cost to much to have a roof over head. Foreign investors have bought all our properties making it toi expensive to compete for a house. also NoJobs
socilizm... All these BLM groups, etc. want to destroy our history
I think our countries biggest problem at this point is political division with some politicians acting like children instead of responsible, caring adults.
I think Biden is a very nice man, but is not able to be President because of his health. I think we are looking at socialism with him in charge.
i think socialism
Partisionship, climate change, healthcare insurance, racism
Inequality and social unrest
pandemic  covid-19 spreading
Living in a society where we want to speak and be freely but then criticize people for doing the exact thing.
ECONOMY. NEED ANOTHER STIMULUS PACKAGE, ESPECIALLY FOR SENIORS ON JUST SOCIAL SECURITY
The Pandemic and political divide
Ensuring a social safety net
Racism and equal rights
-1
Lack of meaningful conversation.  Bi-partisanship has never been more black and white.  We need political leaders to be able to work together for the common good of the people.Climate change needs to be addressed now.  I doubt personally the Earth can wait around for the Paris accord timelines.
-1
national debt is too high and going higher, and no one in washington seems to think its a problem.
immigration, the governor closing the bridge and not letting people from mexico cross.
Getting Trump to concede the presidency
COVID needs to be handled at a National level.people need more stimulus moneyTrump needs to leaver / concede.no muslim ban.
Unemployment, business closures and economy due to Covid.
country is dividing
lots of selfishness
The division of our people.
carona virus, lives lost, businesses being shut down.
covid. systemic racism. economic crisis.
Not being presented with the facts so we can make our own decisions, not those based on a certain party or agenda or with a media bias
people united to help one another on all fronts. United States of America
The divide of the nation.
income inequality
Covid-19 management
La desigualdad social y una polarizacion peligrosa
trump is a terrible president
POLARIZATION.  WE ARE ON THE EDGE OF CIVIL WAR.  NOBODY WILL COMPROMISE ON ANYTHING.  IN FACT, CONGRESS CANNOT AGREE THAT 4 X 4 DOES NOT EQUAL 89.
Unemployment - Families are hurting.  Something needs to be done to help them.  Perhaps  another stimulus pay out.
BLACK LIVES MATTER
Communication is the biggest problem with the united states currently. The media constantly puts out lies about topics and so do the politicians running our country. If we had a more stringent communication system that could wade through the lies and give more truth, I believe our country would be stronger and happier as a whole.
I would say right now the amount of fraud that's happening in our election this year.
The divisiveness and how divided the country is in many areas. and how many extremes there are on both sides in the political world. I am unsure if the country has always been this divided and with the extremes or if Trump has allowed those extemes to be more outspoken and willing to admit their position without shame based on his poor leadership and poor decison making in his messages. It shows up many places such as politics, police, the black lives matter movement and even the unwillingness to wear a mask in this environment. trump hasnt help. that i know.
division all types
illegle mexicans
-1
the way the
intolerance among classes of people, unwilling to listen to alternative solutions, and unable to compromise.
division stupidity keeping our young from proper education shutting down the economy
Immigration of Muslims to US who are not willing to assimilate and create a parellel system of justice like shariah court.
covid19, and getting a vaccine to everyone
the Coronavirus
I think the biggest problem facing out countey right now is increased polarization. So manh people have been pushed so far to the extremes, we cannot even have open dialogue anymore. Forget about trying to agree on solutions to problems when the differenr parties cannot even agree on the relevant facts. the post-truth period we have entered is scary. As is out distrust for experts and science. Climate change. Covid.
defunding police
Partisanship; people now simply demonize others who do not share their assumptions/views.  We cannot progress until we start talking to one another, trying to find solutions that are at least acceptable to a majority of stakeholders.
The Pandemic
Covid 19 pandemic
Getting the pandemic under control so we can get our economy back working for everyone
Covid is a problem as well as police killing innocent people.
Abortion, Lack of Ethics, Big Government, Drugs
School system and administration
I think that the divide amongst average Americans as well as the widespread distrust of elite media institutions are the most pressing issues in the US.
jobs, social inequality, race issues, justice inequality, school loan mismanagement and unaffordability of  college education and too little emphasis placed on vocational trades
corrupt politicians and the onset of democratic socialism
systemic racism
division, immigration .covid. black lives.
Systemic Racism
Mitch McConnell & the GOP looking out for corporations & power instead of the interests of the people.
Shrinking middle class, immigration,
Rural Health care. Social security/Medicare benefits being reduced,
COVID-19 Pandemic
Police Brutality toward the black and minority community. Social Injustice in all areas of life.
election fraud Democrats cheated by using mail in ballots and other means to stealthis election
Social media,bias media, and its effect on peoples beliefs and values, which is causing a deep rooted divide in people who otherwise would likely get along better.
Covid affecting unemployment, small business closures, public health.
-9
race.immigration, rewarding people for breaking the law.
Our Division - we are incredibly divided as a society.
Covid-19 then racial injustice
Structural racism; anti-democratic institutions and norms; climate change; unequal distribution of wealth and resources
Covid and the economy
corona virus/ health and balancing with keeping businesses going. national debt is concerning and republican and democtatic divide is too large, not enough colaboration.
The most important problem facing this country is the reckless president Donald Trump.
Affordable healthcare
COVID: the pandemic is getting worse, and the current administration has no plan
Economy. People need a second stimulus check during this pandemic.
have not heard much about him..
the pandemic and the economic issues it has caused not to mention the medical issues
election fraud
rascism is all over the country
COVID-19 response
unrealistic expectations of changing a racist institution
climate change, covid-19, legal abortion
-9
COVID and Trump
there has been a clear divid in this country since trump was elected. he is the worst thing to happen to this country
president election and corona
covid, bullying, inequality
i think Covid needs to be controlled and then the economy can be worked on.
The political divide and thought process that it's liberals vs conservatives rather than looking at each problem indiviually and weighing pros and cons to make an informed and rational choice.
Political corruption
Currenty Covid-19
Health....need to find a cure/vaccination for this virus.
Educational funding
The division of the American people based on both political and social views
i have no strong opion i agree with how he is doing his job
entitlement, racism, police brutality, turning into communism
The current state of our healthcare system is the largest problem. Followed by the enviroment and the state of our economy.
Trying to force people to be politically correct.. Allowing people to perform acts of violence  under the pretense that they are protesting when in fact they are rioting looting an commenting crimes and not being held accountable when there is actual photo / videos showing them commenting the crime.  They need to get jailed. And all there free-be government handouts should be taken away.
covid and how we handle it
the coronavirus
Addressing the rising number of COVID 19 cases, having a national plan and response to this Pandemic.
Covid 19 is out of control and the current President has shown no leadership to solve the problem
Coronavirus, economy
Continued Racism toward people of color, ethnicity, religion and against Christians
Right now, the pandemic.
Controlling Covid.
rasicm poverty over crowding
Preserving our democracy.  Re-establishing the rule of law.
Main Stream Media
the covid19 problem iis most importent problem we face
polarized interests in congress that doesn't priortize needs of the entire American population
the election of Joe Biden
violence,  no one seems to care about nothing but themselves
lack of moneyilliness
constant barrage of left wing propaganda instead of straightforward factual reporting. Refusal of left wing to make sincere efforts at compromise with anyone who doesn't agree with them. Time and money wasted on impeachment charade based on lies.
THE COVID 19 VIRUS.//
Economy and job loss due to shutdown’s and limited work for those who are non-essential. Due to incompetence of some mayors, Governors inability to see past their own too feet.
covid, racism, sexism, lack of empathy
DIVISION BETWEEN THE PEOPLE
Defeating socialism/communismsaving the constitution
coronavirusbringing our country togetherblack lives matterprotecting our people
covid-19 pandemic
Covid 19, the economy, climate change, foreign relations
Recovering from the Covid-19 pandemic.  Healthcare facilities are extremely over stressed with patients and resources at the moment and the leadership is not listening to what their needs are to treat people.  So people are dying.  My [REDACTED RELATIONSHIP] is a nurse. Getting financial assistance to those that have been effected by the pandemic.
covid-19, jobs , a house to live in and food shortage
don't know
-9
unity. we alp need to work together foe rhe food of the USA
covid 19 pandemic. housing, resources for single parents ,resources for kids whom dealing with grief because a parent was gunned down
Abortion & lack of Christianity
Divided countryInequality
liberals trying to control everyone and wverything and taking away the basic foundations of our country.
There is a huge divide within America. Feeling of hatred between groups and individuals.
People need to chill out and not get offended so easily
La Pandemia esta afectando muy gravemente la econimia
Covid, jobs, racism
racism and pay gap
the current election and covid 19
Corona virus, the pandemic is the biggest issue that we are facing, also the economy because of the virus.
unfair immigration laws and practices covid reaponseunnecessary force used by police
-9
COVID-19 pandemic
covid 19
Global warming and the dire impact it will increasingly have on our climate if we don’t act now.
Foreign Governments/Actors/States
liberal values threaten do destroy our country
covid 19unemploymentaffordable housing
Horrible dis-respect between political parties.  Media needs to be controlled.  They should remain unbiased not representing one party or another.  Illegal immigration.  Do it right or not at all.  Working people of America should NOT have to pay for illegal immigrants, housing for criminals, and no one speaks of the DRUG crisis in this country and the results of the drug crisis i.e., shootings every day in every major city, overdoses from illegal spiked drugs.  If you are committing a crime and police respond, dont' blame the Police for what you are doing wrong if it goes bad and someone gets shot.  People of America who have time to protest against Police should be protesting against CRIME, DRUGS and SHOOTINGS.  Stop the racial crap.  Michelle Obama TOTAL Racist and she is allowed to call out Donald Trump for being Racist?  It works both ways.  STOP the name calling and work together for a better America which includes not feeling sorry for those injured or deceased while committing crimes.  When I was young the thought of being arrested or winding up in a Paddy Wagon was horrifying!  These days they call it "protesting" looting and stealing from hard working Americans.
Washington ignoring the needs of the people.
Global Pandemic (COVID-19), Racism, Unemployment
Economy need to rise up
Coronavirus
COVID-19 How to control virus
racial war and health care
Extreme hoarding of wealth and the resultant inequality
Election reform (partisan redistricting, financial reform)TribalismTransfer of wealth to the top %anti-intellectualism & anti-scienceand much much more
Covid-19, Immigration, Relations with other countries
Every body is afraid to set rules and regulations on certain  groups and organizations because it may up set people
racism, government/congress unable to accomplish anything. big business tax breaks
Coronavirus. The biggest issue here is the health of the American people but a huge secondary issue is the impact on the economy.
corrupt politicians
the pandemic people are suffering just not with the viruis but also with money not coming to those who need it
The economy - too many people are unemployed due to COVID. Too many small businesses have closed or getting ready to close due to COVID. US Government in debt by trillions. Need to get businesses open and people back to work. In certain industries, like hotels/hospitality too many employees were furloughed and then their job was eliminated. Many are still depending upon COVID assistance which hasn't come after first time and are dependent upon measly state unemployment. Prices of groceries and other products continue to increase while supplies in our stores are back on limited to two items each.
Healthcare- people need more affordable and reliable healthcare. Too many people are uninsured and cannot afford to get adequate medical care.
pandemic need to get it under controlhelp people wih money
Divisive Trumpism that eliminated the opportunity for compromise in order to get any positive things accomplished.
rebellion, lies and misinformation
Racial tension, coronavirus, the economy, police reform, healthcare. More emphasis should be mental health especially in urban communities.
covidfinancial assistance senate issues with assisting americans vs other issues
There are many problems like abortion, our marketplaces being shut down, family unit being destroyed, colleges to expensive out for profit, our kids getting bad education because of the liberal thinking in the colleges.  The biggest problem right now is rigged voting machines.
staying capitilists instead of socialismlack of patriotism Becoming less dependent on Chinagetting out of debtcontinuing to maintain a strong militarymaintain a good work ethiccontinue to grow our GDP and Bring back industry such as tectile mills and steel ETC
shutting down of business due to "covid" and causimg familys to not have money
Democrats wanting open boarders, high taxed, packing courts, Medicare for all, and generally socialism
Social media, Media filtering information because it is "fake" or there is no proof. Censorship is dictatorship... I have always accepted politicians to lie because they rarely ever "admit" to anything.. so policy should be the focus.We need a true unbiased media/ source for information.. I cant stand listening to any network because they just "b*tch" about the other way too much. The reality is most people are in the freaking middle... so stop trying to muffle the other point of view because of the lack of "facts", but instead focus on policy...
covid 19, pandamic. vaccine needed
socialism, lack of freedom
Racial injustice, wage gap, treatment of immigrants, politicizing pandemic
The entire country needs to be on the same page as far as face coverings, restrictions, financial impact.
socialism, if biden amd hias staff head in that direction.
covid and the way its crippling our nation. the senior population are isolated and scared. and nothing is being done to end it
equality. there is a us vs them mentality which needs to be resolved. everything from health care, to schools to taxes. they all stem from unequality.
The attempt to erode democracy.
Immigration.// Years ago, we needed a sponsor to come into the United States, you paid your own way. My grandmother was an indentured servant until it was paid for. Today, we don't tell them you have to speak English before you can become a citizen, or read English before you can become a citizen, and those things are important for being a citizen--you have voting benefits, there's a lot of privileges that go with it, but you have to earn it, you can't just hand it to them. You need a work ethic--you should enjoy going to work, you should enjoy your job. By all means, try to fit into the programs we have available in the United States.//
Health Care - total crap shoot in US. A job with a big company gets decent coverage, but a small company and you better never get sick. Look at coverage stats for every other first world contry. 99.5% is the low end of the spectrum. Then there is the US hovering around 9%. It is inexcusable to have such a horrible system when every one else can figure it out.  Then immigration, it should be easier to become legal. Deport criminals. Tax contributers. Then education. We lag behind most other first world countries here too.
The failure to address  the Covid Pandemic
The corona virus pandemic being out of control, people not equally having access to affordable healthcare, racism, bigotry, this country also has huge problem separating church and state.
the virus
national debt and inflation (loss of purchasing power of dollar!
National Debt--Trillion Dollar deficits. Neither political party cares that we are mortgaging the future of our children, and bankrupting the social security system in the process.
Lack of bipartisanship for the far left democratic party.
the loss of what the USA was and should be
covid pandemic. until its under control, the economic recovery will not be fully realized.
EconomyStudent Loans of young graduatesinflationcost of living
small businesses struggling through the pandemic
DIVISION WE ARE A DIVIDED NATION
The rioting and looting
Covid 19 pandemic
Systemic racism, poverty & crimeunjust legal system
don't work with other countries together
wealth inequality
immigration, cost pf living raising taxes on middle class and low income families healthcare set wages are obsolete do not concur with prices of cost of living
Covid-19, and the spread throughout the United States and how it is still a problem 8 months after we know it is in the US
We are divided more than ever since Trump was in office. So much racism & hatred towards one another & it's sad.
healthcare is not good at all. we need better heslthvsre st affirdable prices gor every American.
The media. We do not have a mainstream neutral news source representing both sides.Divisive - Lack of understanding and acceptance of different ideologiesSocial Media fuels the above
The threat on democracy itself by  President Trump and enablement by the GOP
people in this country
Covid-19: The Governor shutting down the state over a virus that has a 98% chance of survival. The mandating of wearing masks no matter where I go. Forcing children to stay home and try to learn via internet and not in a proper classroom setting.
Imigracion, Wellfer, Seguro de Salud, Renta cara,
Division. We should be united as one, not divided.
COVID 19EMPLOYMENTMORTGAGE AND LEASE ASSISTANCESCHOOL LOAN FORGIVENESSICE CONCENTRATION CAMPS AT THE BORDER
Covid-19, economy, climate change, social justice for all people, police reshaping/defining.
CovidEconomyRasism
covid and the effect on our economy
jobs and racism
socialism  I think we are heading  there
I believe that the coronavirus pandemic is the biggest problem.
COVID-19, Climate Change
the nation is divided into two extreme groups with extremist ideals that wont solve anything other than making the rich richer
COVID, economic recovery, immigration, democracy reform
COVID-19EconomyProtecting our people
The Fear of law and order and socialism
the Pandemic then the economy
shutdowns is cause job loss
Too many "yes men" and not enough communication
Racism, division between america, difference in opinion, gun issues, pollution, politics
COVID 19 .
Inequality across the board re gender and race and financial distinctions.
wealth inequality
Covid is killing loved ones. Donald Trump has created this mess.
Hypocrisy, corrupt politics, hate
Division between parties
Covid it's getting exponentially worse and the government is not responding
Pandemic - No actions being taken by Trump to control the spread.
THE ECONOMY IS NOT STRONG WHICH ALLOWS PEOPLE TO WORK AND BE ABLE TO PROVIDE FOR THEIR FAMILIES WITH LIMITED PUBLIC ASSISTANCE.
the spread of false information
ack of Covid contrl
2. The threat to our Democracy and the republicans' suppression of our votes.
disregard for the Constitution and the principles on which this country was founded and the abortion of unborn babies
Cohesivness. there is no feeling that we stick to anything at this time.Our leader acts like my [REDACTED FAMILY MEMBER] and not the leader of a powerful country.
noi wont
The political spectrum has shifted so far to the Right that even centrist and previously apolitical things (like sciece) have become “liberal” ideas.
unification. everyone wants a piece of the pie but they aren't willing to put in the efforts
election fraud!
covid-19. disrespect for police and our laws. Illegal immigrants.
immediately Corona is a worldwide problem.  Anthropomorphic climate change is likely related, so its hard to separate them.  nationally, we have a failing infrastructure, inadequate healthcare for an aging population.  We're also a deeply divided people, who more and more have the few gaining at the expense of the many.  The Gini index is pretty bad, and the types of jobs people are working are unsustainable.  Were also falling behind internationally on science funding, and scientific output, particularly in computational sciences and engineering, as well as renewable energy.
The double standard of the democratic party and the media bias.  Both parties unethical and immoral practices.
Crime and corruption
This question is a little unclear. I do think you want me to only give one problem, of the many. Covid-19 is one major problem affecting our country, and the cause of many other problo affecting our country.
our people do not come together anymore
-9
racial issues, issues with the news networks
Homelessness, in this pandemic many people have lost their home and are left with nothing. They are told to quarantine themselves, but where?
Civic discord and the divisions in our country, fueled by misinformation and right wing extremists is tearing our country apart.  This must be rectified so that our country can heal and work together, despite policy differences.
covid-19 and the effects on the economy
After this recent election I am personally concerned about election security.  i am also concerned the radical “defund the police” wing of the Democratic party, including Kamala Harris, will lead Joe Biden into a Socialist agenda.  i do not believe he can physically withstand the everyday stress of serving as president and others in his party will be leading the way.  i am concerned some of the business and job building accomplishments of the Trump administration will be lost under Biden causing many to lose their jobs.  speaking of jobs, if Joe Biden follows through with his promist to lock down the country due to covid complications we will end up financially crushed.  Everyday working people cannot handle any more lockdowns.  I am in favor of masks but we need to protect the vulnerable in our population and allow the rest of the public to get back to work.  Another concern I have is revisionist history.  If we continue as a population to erase history by removing any and all references to our past historical figures we are sure to repeat their mistakes.
DEFICIT OVER SPENDING
COVID, Climate Change, racism, hate towards minority groups, division
Immigration; the economy; revising our election system; the politicization of the Covid19 pandemic
en este momento la economía y la salud
-9
Institutionalized Racism
divisiveness - Critical decisions aren't being made because of divisiveness among politicians and the general public.
pandemic, health care, finances
Rising taxes and the fate of our economy.  I am afraid that Biden will shut the oil production and our gas prices will soar. Just about all of Biden's policies are going to cause a lot of problems for the US.
government, lack of good people
Racism, conspiracy theories, police brutality against blacks, abortion rights, the hypocrisy of the right.
COVIDLEADERSHIP
COVID-19, the health pandemic
the pandemic the divide between the two politcal parties
-9
COVIDEqualityHealth Care
covid - 19 is killing a lot of Americans.  Until we can get it under control our lives are not going to be the same. Not to mention the economy which is directly effected.
Widespread racial issues
Bias media, that causes to much problems and divisions by not reporting neutral. To much brainwashing.
health insurance
White supremacy
covid 19 no plan no stop the spread and the amoint of virus in our counrry
Right now, Covid is a huge issue affecting almost everything else
TTHE ECONOMY
spreading propaganda
Pandemic.  It's a bad thing, and people are dying in unprecedented numbers. As a country, we should have addressed this months ago.  If Trump hadn't disbanded Obama's pandemic task force, we may have  been able to prevent hundreds of thousands of deaths.
Lack of respect for each other's opinions.
COVID-19  GETTING A CURE/GETTING BACK TO NORMAL
need more jobs and able to feed family
Salud y economía.
The most important is immigration and health care system
covidracial tension
Black Lives Matter movement
covid,economy racial equality I don't have a good answer on how to fix any of the three
Racism. people not willing to listen to each other. choosing instead to riot.
Systematic racism
COVIDCivil Rights Affordable Health Care
1. covid2. economic disadvantages of underprivileged,  not black, white or hispanic but all
social injustice
-Economic stability-Racism-Student loan debt -COVID 19
-9
COVID, prevention practices and mandates vary so widely between states and counties
racism, lack of access for the Deaf community, just overall hate and not willing to learn. Not willing to accept others who think differently from you
race relationsfake news
WORD ECONOMY - COUNTRY BEEING DVIDED
The COVID 19.  People are dying.  Things could have been better, maybe?  If our President faced the true issue earlier.
Black Lives Matter, people wanting to get everything for free
El racismo
racism, socialism
economy .. taxes
-5
There is a great difference in the news (or alternative media) that people view based upon their political view. If we can't agree on the facts, how can we make good decisions?
CORONA VIRUS! The current POTUS hasn't done enough to get it under control. More people are concerned about the economy, but without Corona, the economy would be fine!
Covid, economic issues with so many people impacted by covid, student loans, the current political divide almost 50/50 - I am not certain how we can stand if we don't start figuring out a way to come together
tolerance
racism, fundamentalist christians, our environment, sexism, gender pay gap, police
HEALTHCAREECONOMYRACISM
covid19 out of control. cases rising daily mostly impacting blacks
The great divide and deep intolerance of opposing or different viewpoints.  Racism and hatred is rampant and violence is worrisome. Trump has empowered hate organizations to act out.
Economic disparity.
Failure of democracy
over sensitivity to race, gender, and religious views
Difference in core values, so the country is divided. Unwillingness to work together in the House.
Law's that support criminal.
-9
being more united while facing current crisis.
Division of the country. Racial injustice. Covid-19, Unemployment
Equality for all Americans
Water sources getting ruined by long wall mining and fracking.
covid-19 and the lack of the current adminstration to have a plan
race, inequality, lack of education and health care
Social Injustice
Health Care system broken, please fix
People make too many judgements on other people and do not allow people to be free of thought and purpose. No one knows how to work together for the best resolution.
COVID-19.  We need to learn to live with it without shutting the economy down.
covid- 19,people are dying by the thousands
rioting and lack of law enforcement
we are a Country divided, full of riots and corrupt media and politicians!
The Democratic views.
disagreement
Covid-19 vaccine and getting it to all people
Economy
the people of the USA
Federal government is too BIG.
lack of adequate health Care
covid
Divisiveness, critical thinking
Pandemic, small businesses difficult to survive.
political polarization
racism and police brutality
This covid 19
Everyone believing everything they see on the news and internet. Nobody knows how to form their own opinion and make their own decision, they let the media make it for them.
being united is a problem and more
social division, COVID 19, economy, climate change impacts, ageing infrastructure
covid cute
none of the topics
This pandemic, i think it should be handled better!
public health emergency
-9
Covid, nothing else will resolve until covid is under control.
No one listens to each other. America and many White Americans dont want to learn about the faults of American History and how it has affected The African-American culture via various means. If this doesn't happen then it's going to get worse in my opinion.There is still a ton of inequality across the board that hasn't been addressed. We live in a Me Me Me Me society and its quite sad.
radical  liberals
Where do I even start? There are so many problems that exist in our country right now. Top three IMO are too much government control, hatred and division of the general population and covid.
divisiveness on so many levels...
black lives matter  the togetherness of all people
1. Federal Debt2. Jobs3. Social Mobility4. Media
Corona Virus, no cure
TOO MUCH FREE HAND OUT FOR NOT WORKING!!!!!!
racism and wealth inequality
the most important is racism
divisiveness is extremely dangerous right now.
The virus--COVID virus.// It's just that a lot of people aren't wearing their masks and taking it serious.
Government & Media Fraud
Dealing with Covid and Country must avoid the wars.
covid-19.   impact on families and econemy.
NOT BEING ABLE TO WORK,LOSING HOMES NOT HAVING ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY THEIR BILLS
racism, covid 19, mass shooting
racism, covid, health care
socialism, lawlessness in the U.S.
Covid-19, Immigration laws, Job loss, homelessness
Uneven distribution of wealth
covid 19  the huge amount of people sick and dead
liberal takeover
education, future work the covid 19
racism, police brutality, Guns people that is not the police should not have guns, respect for each other no matter who, what they are or what they believe in.
hatred and violence
Tension//
Unemployment is too high in such wonderful country. The wealthy do not worry enough about helping the needy
covid  The pandemic is killing too many people.  We need a vaccine soon
Polarization dividing people and creating win/loss scenarios rather than the compromises needed to progress
THE CORONA//
-9
The Dicialist Ahenda being pushed by the Democrats
Health careCorruptionEnvironmental issuesBad infrastructure
economy, law enforcement
China is a large, powerful threat.Journalists need to get back to presenting facts, keeping opinions and hearsay out and being NEWS REPORTERS once more!
Socialists and far leftists burning everything down when they don't get their way
i have no clue at this moment in time
Covid 19  We need a vaccine to stop the spread.  Innocents are being infected by people who are not considerate of others and knowingly spread the disease.
budget deficiet
systemic racism gender equality jobs police brutality
covid virus. today more people died of covid virus than all of april. of 2020.
COVID-19Covid is a big deal all throughout the nation. Its impacted everyone in some way from both mental to physcial health.
covid and how to deal with it
Economy. Getting people back to work.
divison and conflict between different groups and oppinions - and demonizong those woth ideas different from those in your own group.
ICE and keeping children in cages, innocent lives taken abortion
administration handling of covid pandemic
lost track of fairness and kindness.Two much sepsration.  we need to be united!
Well Joe Biden is one of them he's worse than Trump he'll make gas prices a lot more expensive it will probably be like $10 a gallon he wants to raise taxes and he's like a zombie he doesn't know what he's talking about or where he's at most the time I think he's demented
VIRUS...BEING ABOUT TO CONTROL THE SPREAD, THE EFFECT IT HAS HAD ON THE ECONOMY, CLOSING SMALL BUSINESSES
biden,hes going to ruin the country,no more cash peoplr vaccined,and phema camps
National debt, electoral college, no term limits for congress.
at this moment, the massive spreading of COVID. Voting disputes. Glibal warming. Healthcare cost.
COVID-19, income disparity and poverty, social injustice
Division in many areas. wearing a mask, not wearing a mask, helping the poor.
no tolerance for how others feel and if you dont believe or feel like them you need to be scared.  no way for us to live in this great country
Health Insurance I am forced to pay for really bad insurance and I am not getting good health care
Unity/Peace. The country is becoming divided based on a number of out of control issues.
The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic struggles
Loss of morals and love for eachother
SOCIALISM
Pandemic We can't get schools, jobs, and the economy in general moving until we get the pandemic under control.
-1
Election integrity.
The Corona Crisis, how the us should be focusing on the people
Educators at every level indocttinating our kids into a Liberal Perspective to every school of thought on every topic.  i used to be liberal when things were notmal.  Society has become insane.
The trend away from the Bible
WANTING TO MAKE THE WORLD POPULATION SMALLER AND NOW THEY ARE DOING//
unity - the media divides us with race
We need term limits in Congress.
Abortion rights, preservation of democratic norms, gun control, racial justice
bad country thats all i have to say
Wage gap - I feel that the salaries for C level positions are not proportional to the workers salaries.
Proverty and no income or money
-5
minimum  wage increase
The pandemic, the leaders of our country, the division of the people, and crime.
Socialism
economy, politicians
we're giving COVID too much control over our lives as people are not dying and yet we're allowing it to control how we live our lives which affects our economy. People need to get back to work, kids back in school, etc
covid pandemic, infecting & killing too many people, affecting businesses, especially small business, containing the virus has been handled poorly.
Identity politics and cancel culture
Covid 19, The Environment, Wage Inequality
corona virus and uneployment
GROWING LOSS OF OUR FREDOM
social justice, race relations, marriage equity, wealth gaps, student debt, insurance
keeping people united
The divisiveness and the fact that everyone thinks we should be ALL Republican or ALL Democrat, or else they will just refuse to be happy and instead will move to Canada or some island if they don't get their way.  And neither Obama nor Trump were respectful to the opposing side, but instead instigated even more divisiveness in an "us" against "them" presidency.  No one respects anyone else's beliefs or even their right to have one, unless it agrees with their own.  It's awful.
the precious of groceries today and the people that are on food stamps only get $109 or $85 you can't live off that the children have to get back in school because the parents don't know how to do their arithmetic and they're having a hard time teaching their children at home as far as the President of the United States I feel a little uncomfortable but we have to give this man a chance to see what he can do for America Donald j Trump did do a wonderful job for everyone trying to get jobs but this year election was very sad it made me cry to see people act so crazy our police departments need more help and support they're saying they're going to take their pay away from them and knock it off that's going to hurt their families also they have a dangerous job out there they get killed on a line of duty their children are left with no Daddy this is a serious topic and I think law enforcement should have more help than what they got and as far as the protests go black lives matter that would have been nice if they wanted to hurt people and kill cops and kill children I don't support anyone like that and that's why I'm down on black lives matter I don't care for it at all and I would
Unchecked carbon emissions have lead to a rapid change in climate patterns, and it's likely going to drive humans to extinction through a variety of issues-- extreme weather, fire, lack of access to water, declines in agricultural production, massive migration as various coastal areas become inundated and desert areas become too hot for human life... the list goes on.
natioal security, covid-19
The biggest threat to the country is socialism.
Economy. Our economy is in a shambles and feel the worst is yet to come
Economic growth and the investment market
inequality and justice
covid-19, black lives matter I think everyone should be treated equal
Covid and all it's doing to harm our country
I think one of the big issues facing this country is the Workload and payrate for low to middle class citizens. A warehouse worker doing manual labor should at a minimum be able to make a living wage. We need more balance in the economy.
COVID, Employment, Policing
Equality, no equality in school, jobs, in healthcare, with being female or a POC.
COVID-19 pandemic
covid economy.   the massive lock down shut down the economy.  now, more stimulus is needed but congress cant agree so the people get punished.
people are not being told the facts about what they need to know to make informed decisions
strong hatred between parties and feel like many people dont fall into either party
Division. The united states is divided at its core, there are families and friendships being torn apart by political affiliation. You can no longer accept that someone believes differently than you do, or voted differently than you did. The media teaches that those who disagree with what they believe, (whichever media you watch, they all do it.) are wrong and should be persecuted and that is why the vote was so close. It is because there are more people on both sides than either group wants you to believe there are.
equality for black, brown, women, and other people of color!!
SEPERATION WE ARE ONE NATION NO ONE IS BETTER THAN ANY ONE ELSE
Covid-19 and the sickness and deaths of people all over the world. I am very disgusted with how Trump has handled it. The USA should be way behind other countries in deaths and infections, but we are one of ghe top. Our politiciand on the Republican side have politicized it and ignored it.
COVID19Economy Unemployment Political polarizationPolice brutality
lackof respect for the comstitution
So many people unable to feed their families. How come there is so many poor people.//
Trump in office
Economy, Leadership, and Racism.
budget deficits
controlling the pandemic
The number of people who are food insecure
Covid-19 and stopping its spread
I feel we are facing many serious problems among with the most urgent are; covid19, racial injustice, economic inequality,  lack of leadership from head of government, police violence against minority communities without accountability, declining infrastructure, environmental challenges from climate change, issues with justice department being misused by AG Barr.
Cost to live and the work life balance struggle
covid is hurting our country. lives, businesses, and finances of most house holds.
Corona Virus, unemployment, race relations, corrupt politicians
ignoring the constitutionincreasing move to socialismbureaucracy
I think the most important problem in this country is the relentless attack on our constitutional rights wether it be the news media, corrupt government, coronavirus mandates, education systems, the list goes on.
not sure how to
cov 19. homeless hungry obama care
lack of support during covid
there are many problems,  covid, the election, the widening division between people
COVID response, national debt, cost of college, ballooning defense budget.
Unemployment rate is increasing little bit but still we need more job creation.
racial and media
corrupt court systems
The economy affected by the covid lockdowns, and getting the pandemic under control.
Racism, violence/killings of minorities by police and white people, not being able to survive financially on pay, lack of health care benefits
In my 30 years of life it seems that racial unrest is extremely high. Democrats and Republicans need to come together to find a solution or an answer as to why African Americans/Black people are still being targeted and oppressed. Our justuce system seems to need an entire overhaul. I would also like to see the President address the DACA group and grant them what they deserve.
Partisianship is the most important problem facing our country.
Immigration - Freely allowing Mexicans into this country giving them free health care, Social Security, jobs, money, etc.
COVID child hunger
covid-19 economy racism
education - not enough funding for schools, should be multiple school paths to choose based on whether studemts plan to go to college or into vocational trades, teach kids real world skills/critical thinking, make higher education more affordable.
proverty economics and immigrants
the American people are incredibly divided and distracted by politics. There is a lot of talk and pointing fingers at political leaders and parties when so many social issues could be ratified through “we the people” and our ability to raise awareness, funds. roll up our sleeves and help those in need - not just political action.
support for Education, women and children welfare programs
The pandemic is surging and because of our political divisions, we are unable to work together to get it under control.
I think we have an energy crisis that is linked so closely with the broad world-wide issue of global warming; Noone is willing to address the problem head-on or really take the drastic actions that we need. We have an issue with accountability: Politicians, police, businesses.. lots of responsibility without accountability. Ultimately, I think the biggest preoblem in the US is "selfishness" - the adoption of a "me first, me last" mentality.. as if none of our choices or actions will have an effect on others as long as we shut our eyes tight enough.
Corona VirusRacismDefunding the policeChina
The division between the country.
Clear thinking about important issues
POLICE REFORM
overpopulation, global warming
over spending by the federal government
sensless violence
The economy. Business are struggling due to the pandemic hardship and shutdowns. This trickles down to employees and the community.
INABILITY FOR BOTH PARTIES TO WORK TOGETHER. NO TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS. GOVERMENT IS NO LONGER WORKING IN THE BEST INTEREST OF THE PEOPLE, BUT FOR THEMSELVES
theres not enuff work for middle class people. foreigners are taking most of them.
COVID-19 pandemic, our relationship with other strong countires
waelth inequity, racial inequity, policing, climate change, gender issues
rise of right wing hate groups encouraged by our fake president donald j trump
division and hatedistrust of diverse peoplepolice violence
Income inequality. Systemic Racism. Seperation of Church and State.
OUR GOVERMENT     NEED TO REMEMBER THEY ARE FOR THE PEOPLE NOT THEIR SPECIAL INTREST
the way covid 19 is being handled
Covid not enough safety and prevention plans
Racism, Trump supporters, climate change, COVID, health care, economy
-1
division    i believe our country became very divided with president obama.  black & white folks were simply accepted together in our communities.  president obqmq left our country & appologized for america.  shame on him !
Covid-19EqualityPolice Racial Profiling
Currently pandemic. Politics in general - Will of and concern for citizens of the US is not important anymore. Could be doomsday for US.
Job lossesGlobal WarmingPolarization in AmericaIllegal immigrants, not enough jobs
inequality -gender and race
China controlling  our policticians.
The misinformation from the mainstream media and the censorship of the big tech companies. They have divided this country with lies and cover-ups. We no longer have a free and fair press. The division in this country is tragic
The country is divided into very separate factions. We need to find a middle ground. The violence is frightening and destructive.
Systemic racism
Trump's childish loosing elections behavior which is NOT reasonable for regular transfer of powers to safeguard united states citizens!
Health crisis..pandemic
the biggest problem is division
the effect on immigration i hope it will improve//
COVID-19 is the most important problem facing this country right now.
racial tensions
Pandemic and how this administration is discounting the doctors decisions and recommendations.
Divided Country
A vaccination for COVID and bringing us back together/divided nation
TO MANY PPL OUT OF WORK
Covid-19 and Raceism
Covid virus,polarized political parties,structural violence/inequalites,decaying infrastructure
the pandemic and the presidents mishandeling of it as well as not allowing the preident elect a smoother transision by conceeding
coronavirus pandemic
Health care costs and the economy
Covid. Getting people immunized. Getting small business help to survive.  Jobs. Money.
Not becoming a socialist country!
covid care a clear direction
unemployment, covid-19
affordable Health Care. funding social security. Trade with China.
covid pandemic with rising numbers of cases
coronavirus, economy, hate and devisiveness,
Covid-19, International relationships, Medical Insurance
Covid 19 and the effect it has had on the working people.
That people cannot make a decision other than what their party affiliation calls for. One party could have the answer for cancer, starvation and climate change and the opposing party would not vote for it.
immigrationnational debteconomy
Economy, rioting, health, education
President Trump
Right now, it the Corona Virus; normally my answers would be Economy/Gap between rich and poor, Health Care, Violence/Racism
Covid-19
The COVID-19 pandemic; the confirmed cases have been rising recently, causing more loss in jobs and employment rates.
Pandemic, healthcare, social injustice
CREEPING SOCIALISM
Legalized Abortion
racism, income disparity, classism
THE KILLING OF BLACK PEOPLE IS OUT OF CONTROL & THE LACK OF PROSECUTION
racismclimate changepovertylack of taxing the richanimal rightshuman rightseducationjob pay for certain jobsobesityhealthcarecost of utilities
race difference
covid 19 mitigation
Hungry homeless
covivd crisis, global warming, health care
LIBERAL PROGRESSIVES DEMOCRATS, SOCIALISM, MARXISM//
The inability to find compromise by governemnt.
Disinformation/misinformation
Election integrity
Extremist progressives, BLM and Antifa
-5
Income inequality is leading to a large portion of US citizens that are able to be swayed by complete nonsense.  Anti-intellectualism is at an all-time high.
racism, police britality
Cohesiveness - The country needs to come together and stop allowing everyone from politicians to the media to continue to divide the country. We need to work together to make our country strong.
There is so much division in this country for the past 4 years.  It's scary to think of what some people will do.
-5
salaries vs living cost
The coronavirus, and after that the crisis of the cost of education and the fact that people working 40 hours a week cannot, in many places, afford to support a family with a decent standard of living.
We are in a transitional position right now. I worry that Joe Biden is not a strong leader and that he can be manipulated and that our country will be in jeopardy.
The divide between polotical parties
Too much hate among people
I think Covid-19 is the most important problem we face in the country right now. If we don't get it under control, there will be more division and death here.
HIGH TAXES AND DEFUND THE POLICE.
Forcing liberal agendaeceonomy
Covid-19, climate change and the economy.
democratic agenda. blm
the unwillingness for congress to work together
racism, police brutality, homeless crisis, education in low income neighborhoods, better food options in low income neighborhoods, rights taken away for women to choose what they want to dk with their own body
systemic racism
Pandemic and racism
covid, healthcare, wealth gap, global warming, greed
DIVISION AMONG THE NATION-INEQUALITY
Economy, defense and education
The constant need by many americans to feel smarter than everyone else in the room by attributing everything to conspiracy theories.
covid 19 and how we are handling it
race issues
Need more jobs .
gun violence. it's not safe and we take a huge  risk leaving our homes.
Environment and jobs
I believe the number one problem is defense. I think for the people of the US we are all with the disease that we got.  They got to do something to help the people with the environment the way it is.  I see that are doing a good job. They are doing the best the way it is.//
immigration,socialists/communists,covid19
Republicans to Party oriented instead of being America oriented.
-5
economy
Current job loss due to COVID
the federal governments actions concerning the coronavirus
credible honest open leadership.
The most important problems is prevent the Covid-19 to invasion to the United States.I am from [REDACTED COUNTRY] and I am very proud of my country.  [REDACTED COUNTRY] takes Covid-19 serirousely to prevent and protect our people's health.  Why United States did not do it?
Systemic Racism
Getting citizens vaccinated and back to work and school
overexaggerated covid tests
Economy, pandemic, climate change
Too many people jump to conclusions before getting the correct story but it doesn't help thay the media will report something without having the correct information either. Thanks to social media, we receive information so quickly it loses accuracy and creates a false sense on a majority of things
end racism and violence
health care, global warming, racial tensions, interstate grid's (all of them)and especially term limits.
Economy, Pandemic, illegal immigration
coronavirus. people sick and dying snd shutting doen economy
racism and trump supporters
Unaffordable Healthcare
Children are left unprotected in homes filled with abuse
COVIDImmigrationLow Pay
extreme division among congress and among the citizens
I think race has become a bigger problem in th US
COVID. Totally out of control.
SYSTEMIC RACISM
The nation is divided and intolerent.
our country supporting to many people. we need more people working carring thier load
Pandemic- Covid 19
China's increasing control and power in our country's businesses and financial institutions.
I keep it to my self
Climate Change and environmental degradation/pollution/over population
Economy, immigration
Socialistic views
Colleges/universities being a business as opposed to being an educational institute, appropriation of tax, business bailouts
lose of liberties
Climate change- we are ignoring the fact that climate change will cause mass starvation, water shortages, and extreme weather events.
TRUMP HE IS A LAIR DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ANYBODY BUT HIMSELF. HE DOES NOT BELEAVE IN THE DEMOCEATE PROCESS. HE IS NUTS.
COVID and allowing the goverement to control our moves.  Allowing the BLM movement take over cities and do as they please.  Welfare fraud and illegal immigration.
-1
pandemicpreserving social security and medicareeconomy
preventing the spread of Covid 19 is very important
The increasingly slippery nature of language, politicization of science, and radicalization of our legacy news media makes it very difficult for Americans with different perspectives to have productive conversations...as a shared point of reference as to what Truth is, is fading.
The US has many many problems.  Important ones are: crime, the increasing movement toward socialism/communism in the country and government, the economy, the job situation and the number of people in poverty, the poor quality of general education, the decline of University quality education, etc.
progressives who want to defund the police, pack the US Supreme court, allow illegal immigration, allow looting/destroying of property, misleading media and Big Tech censorship.
income inequality
Pandemic, Division
EconomyCovidDivision
health system, education system
Unity in the people and a better representation in the government
COVID (P) ITS NOT CONTAINED.  ITS STILL GOING ON//
-1
Pandemic. How we've handled it.
Right now the problems are this pandemic and the working people getting no help when things are getting more expensive etc.
Covid virus- lack of controlling it.
Division of our citizens.
Covid and how to properly handle with lack of national leadership.
health care, the availability of it to everyone
idk man
racism, sivision of parties, sexism, greed, police brutality
coronavirus, climate change, racism, foreign policy
Transparency. People that have money keep it and those without are left.
gas prices need to be more expensive
Presidential transition
political devide
Climate change
There are lots of problems for example All lives should matter PollutionCops being Rasist
Corona Virus because it is affecting every aspect of life as we knew it, schools, commerce, health and individual's income and lifestyle.  As well as loss of lives.......
-9
CoVid virus testing , PPE supply, vaccine
division, inequity, religion having too much influence on politics
liberlism,social media
financial disparity
Economics--right now people need more jobs, more education to get a good job.  The children need to be better prepared to make a good living.//
The political climate has been horrible thanks to our leader. Racism is a huge problem that everyone knew about but didn't know how to handle. In many ways, we still do not know how to handle it. The pandemic is something that is going to create problems we do not even know about.
-9
Civil unrest and division
Pandemic, Security, Social Unrest, Divisiveness, Jobs/Economy
covid-19 pandemic
racism and inqualities
I think the most important problem facing this country is how divided we've become. Republican/Democrat, Rural/Urban, different races, wealth, etc. People are using tribalism and us against them to gain support at the cost of the united feel of the country
government infringement on individual rights
Lack of quality, affordable healthcare
We need to find a vaccine for Covid19.
RACISM, THAT BLACK PEOPLE HAVE TO DO WITH//
Economic disparity in this country is entirely too large and the systemic racism has to be dealt
Eradicating the Covid-19 virus.
Systemic social justice problems with mulitiple groups
-1
Go back to conservative life style -- hard working, small government.
I feel like the pandemic is a major  issue right now.
go ernment and wealthy are treated differently concerning taxes versus middle man carries the load. i also think we send so mch to help feed othe countries( is good) BUT we have many starving and living on the street in our own country. they should be helped first.
Young people are brainwashed by educators to believe Socialism/Communism is good.  True history not being taught.
Division. The country headed towards socialism. The country headed away from all the values this country was established on. One World Order. Dictatorship. Total government control. Loss of freedom.
- Enormous and widening disparity of rich and poor
rioting  unemployment. fraud in government
COVID 19 Pandemic
corona virus deaths and this disease effecting economy
Mail in voting and the lack of having to show a government issued ID card.
the shift away from christian values
People facing eviction. The pandemic. Our economy out government. Our police forces. The military. Basically the whole country
The dividiness in the country
COVID - people dying, losing their jobs, businesses closing, non-profits closing, creating so many issues with mental health
Socialism, BLM a violent left wing political arm of the marxist movement. The loss of American values and a dependence on large federal government for extravagant unlimited social programs which will drive the country into unrecoverable debt and bankruptcy.  Acceptance of violent rioting and looting under the facade of social justice by democrats to look for favor from extremest left wing BLM ( the political party).  When the democrats in local, state, and federal govt. tolerate and encourage riots and looting in exchange for political donations from BLM, when elected officials sell out their our country, safety and security for political gains, it's the end of our great democracy.
1. Covid-192. Economic recovery
Nuclear War and famine aroubd the world. Bad enough the bad (evil) spreading COVID19-Corona Virus !
Debt, Spending, COrprate welfare, Big Governmant.
covid must have a plan and leadership
racism, hate ,
covi 19 and rhe presiden
covid pandemic. not being handled properly.
Covid.  People losing their lives.   Businesses closing down, or downsizing.   People losing their jobs.   Children getting so far behind in school.
News and information is siloed and public can't agree on facts resulting in political and social divisions affecting the country's response to Covid-19, the outcome of elections, climate change, human rights...
racism. police. how ice treats the immigrants.
Covid epidemic and how this administration is ignoring it and encouraging unsafe behaviors.
covid an not everyone wearing mask and the president
divide of peoples political and racial beliefs the division of wealth between classes (i do not believe things should be free though)covid ensure the heath of our communitieseconomy, due to covid, too many are out of work and unable to afford basic needs like rent
Divisiveness. Especially in Congress. There has to be compromise on different issues. Also, all of this talk regarding all of these conspiracy theories. So many people believe all these radical views that do not help unite our country.
Donald Trump is the #1 problem.facing us.Coronavirus is #2.Unemployment is #3Civil War #4.Police brutality #5.
Lack of punishment for crimes.
Wage inequality, distrust in institutions, inefficient government, corruption
Politicians couldn't agree on where to go for lunch
Covid Virus not solving
global warmingyouth who have no respectnot enough money spent on public education
Think the biggest problem is greed.
-9
Too many people coming over from the 3rd world countries
Covid, racism, and police brutaity.
RACISM.  Do you know the meaning the word.
Government manipulation and controlloss of medical freedomsocialism
Climate change and its national security implications, (ie mass migration, terrorism, resource wars)
very worried and scared of what will become of our country IF Biden takes over.  I believe all the hard work Trump has done to get this country sell sufficient and running like a business will all end.  We will have higher unemployment, gas prices and be taxed
Division, a shared identity, the environment, health care, education
The divisive nature of politics and social issues that are currently plaguing the nation are a big problem, but communication about politics and social issues specifically is why it is so divisive and such a problem.
COVIDUnemployment due to COVIDstruggling busniess due to COVID
financial hardship
socialism and loss of freedom of speech
socialism and conplete progressive liberal control
1. Corona virus2. Racism/treatment of fellow humans
Covid-19 pandemic.  It is damaging our economy and causing much grief.
COVID-19 Pandemic, National Debt, Immigration, Gun Laws, and Taxes
systemic racism
Racisim is one of the major problems.
COVID;  people not masking/social distancing
homelessness, immigration, corona virus
ignorant people who want socialism.
a divided country
lack of compassion, empathy and conflict resolution
Unity as a nation
controlling this pandemic
Using Covid-19 as an excuse to trample on our rights.
RACIAL.
socialismhigh crime rates because crimes are no longer being criminalizedlack of morals and conscience keeping people from doing what’ right
online privacy, private sector bailouts, the continued polarization of human beings as though we arent complex and multifaceted people with shared values, inaccessibility to online learning tools for communities without internet or computers, education education education, a lack of physical and mental health care resources for all, proper nutrition for all, I could absolutely go on forever
Covid-19 Pandemic. I'm upset how it has been mishandled from the very start to now and the lack of coordination among the federal government and the states.
economy and COVID19
Covid-19Economy/Job LossSocial unrest
loss of freedom
to many guns in kids hand
I believe we are facing a struggle from COVID
covid and the drag it is placing on the economy
covid-19 the lack of a uniform policy nationwide to deal with outbreak.
The covid 19 pandemic is killing people and has decimated the  American economy
covid 19unemploymentt/economic stressclimate change racsism uncheched capitalism/lack of regulation
The most important is covid virus is one thing now //
That the Democrats are going to try to make the U.S. a socialist nation
I think one of the biggest problems facing our country right now is the political turmoil we’re facing.
the corona virus
Affordable Health Care
na
control of corona, jobs and economy, control of rioting and lawlessness
inequality, racism, sexism, trump, corona
MISINFORMATION AS IT PRETAINS TO THE LARGE DIVIDE BETWEEN POLITICAL PARTIES
partisanship along with acceptance of "alternate" truths, fabrication of facts and lack of trust
lack of love , unity and lack of patience
Racial injustice, gun control, environment
The biggest problem I believe is the left trying to turn our country into Socialism,second the influx of illegal aliens
Covid, rioters, BLM movement, the election
poverty due to covid 19 pandemic.
Covid no plan poor leadership
Universal background checks for all firearm purchases, ESPECIALLY at gun shows.
the little people dont have a voice. people who are “poor” get left out and left for dead.
-9
a president refusing to let Democracy speak!!
the divide that both R and D have created. economics, for those of us that are still suffering from the shut down. debt that students are carrying because the cost of education is out of the roof, the younger generation and the education system.
Greed, deception, lack of allowing law enforcement to do their job.
Political polarization
unemploymentillegal immigration
What seems like an insurmountable divide between the Republicans and Democrats.
The wealth divideRacial injusticeHealth CareEnviroment
Systemic racism, white supremacy, patriarchal systems, lack of access to resources for BIPOC, ableism
The most important Problem is different groups of people staying divided from one another
economy.  since the Covid shutdown our economy has suffered by unemployment, closing businesses, and attendent ramifications- it was slowly recovering and now faltering again.
COVID, bad economy
Monthly financial relief due to covid 19
election protocol, healthcare, COVID, foreign policy
The two parties of the government not working for the people, but for their own gain or power.
Covid vaccine availability
poverty and the the growing numbers of struggling families
Lying and Faking news and facts.
Covid 19 and the effect on the economy
Hatred and bigotry
unemployment, Racism, poor medicare and medicaid
Strongly divided political leaders unwilling to work together
Socialism, Developing Nuclear Countries, and Racial Tension
Socialism, Far left political views
discrimination, hatred, and power struggle rather than staying unified as a country
The abandonment of strong morals - what is right is now being called wrong and what is wrong is now being recognized as right.
-5
covid-19 snd unemployment
poverty, health care cost, covid 19
president-elect Bidendemocratic party
Health Care Insurance being too expensive.
liberalismsocialism mindsetsCOVIDfraud in this election and lost confidence in the election process
national security
Equal human rights for everyone of all races
covid, economic, working together
Trump virus is killing the u s
COVID - We need to put a stop to the spread of it
COVID-19Racial strifeEconomic inequalityEducational disparities
Bridging the gap between political parties. Ending/remedying attacks on our political system made by Donald Trump.
covid immigration strong defence
liberals, leftists, people believing that socialist is a better way of life
TTHE BIGGEST PROBLEM IS DIVISION - EVERYONE IS NOT TOGETHER, HAVE THEIR OWN AGENDA.//
Political polarization due to social and news media
pandemic 240000 dead
Integrity at all levels of government structure/officials.
PandemicEconomy
The way the new president will face the Economic
Division among the people of the US. Hate, intolerance.
Black representation on the police force, too many guns
Respect for others
Proper treatment for the Disabled proper medical treatment and sustainable costs for the  LGBTQ+rights for the LGBTQ+ (the right to marry, healthcare being the two pain ones)
Free and fair elections, unity
Getting the country back on track following the pandemic.
covid19, getting it uncontol
Unity.  I feel like there is great division between political groups, races, nationalities, and just the American people in general.  We have no national pride or any feelings or care or concern for our neighbors and community members who think differently than we do.  We need something or someone to bring us together in unity to really care for each other no matter our race, religion, political party or where we live.
covid 19 pandemic
Equal Justice(Racism)
Economy, social unrest
health care. the cost of health care is increasing way too fast.
The deep political divide brought on by poor leadership in this country has lead us to a crisis that includes racism, hate, poverty, violence, business closures, foreclosures, higher cases of Covid-19 due to needless super spreader events and widespread misinformation, entitlement, a breakdown of our democracy, and the list goes on. So in a nutshell, our most important problem facing this country is our POOR LEADERSHIP.
covid19 it needs to stop. we need to walk without a mask
individualism
The blatant and open racism. Basically everything Trump campaigned under. Needs to change.
divison...people are not that willing to compromise anymore or consider what is best for everyone not just themselves.
economy, racisum, illegals
conspiracy theories
The hate and anger that is dividing the country
riots, covid financial
ICE taking children into custody separating them from their parents and vice versa.
Restoring the constitution and getting our country back to being a world leader
TOO MANY IDEAS, LITTLE ACTION
i feel  Covid19 is a huge problem and is getting worse and people are struggling financially now with no hope in the near future.
Covid virus, economy recovery, more jobs for all, climate change...everything Trump opposed....
HomelessPolitical unrest
income disparity, political tribalism, coarsening of public discourse
social justice and COVID-19
The safety of our democracy with the coming change in leadership.
Good jobs,education and they do not spend money where it needs to be spent.
Continued transfer of wealth from the bottom to the top, corporate capture of our government, no attempts to address climate change, endless wars for profit, kneecapping of working class communities, overall death of feeling in our society, lack of community, lack of hope.
Climate Change. If we do not have a planet to live on, nothing else matters.
the economy stinks and there is a lot of poverty.
Getting Covid under control. Others include stabilize the economy, unite the parties, improved demoshed foreign relations.
ANTI-POLICE MOVEMENTS, PUSHING SOCIALISM, ACADEMIA BRAIN-WASHING STUDENTS
economics , news people
divisiveness. we cant even agree on what the truth is and more than ever people seem obsessed with what is best for them instead of our communities and the country.
Disrespect towards law enforcement.
COVID pandemic - Impact on the economy, education, and general way of life.
Lack of Health Care
Covid 19 pandemic
loss of jobs
racism too many people are racist againt other nationalties
COVID-19//
our private healthcare insurance is failing millions of insured and uninsured americans, because the market incentivizes profit from American's sickness and tying healthcare to our jobs. healthcare is a human right.
economy getting back on track
The most important problem facing this country is the amount of government assistance that is being handed out, because it is putting us into far too much debt for upcoming generations to handle.//
The fact the media lies non stop to the public and are no longer unbiased.
covid19 restrictions and the overreach of government control during a global pandemic. I feel our government is using covid to empty the treasury, and restructure itself in the name of helping its people.
socialisamraceradical
covld 19 - lack of national leadership
COVID
covid 19
homelessness and lack of discipline to children
pandemic, economics illegal migrants, north koreans and china
To much division between all individuals.
COVID
racism has been a problem for far too long and these blm and antifa groups are making things worse in my opinion
-9
Corana Virus and Bipartisin
Theyre multiple problems in this county but one brief problem is “Greed”.
racism
The fact that the current President and administration wont acknowledge the results of the election. I think they are working toward moving our country away from a democracy. The way our country acts towards immigrants is disgraceful and not humane. Another important problem is how Congress has failed to pass move covid relief and the number of people who have slipped into poverty in the last 6 months.
Economic Inequality
covid.. jobs.. immigration.. and our country constitution
-1
REALITY!! Politicians leave in LALA land- address real problems
COVID19, budget deficit, high taxes.
education - bloated, ineffective, expensive, beaurocratic
MAINSTREAM MEDIA GIVE FALSE REPORTING
division, democrats want to controleverything
COVID 19 - lack of plan, effects it has had on our economy, schools, unemployment, health and wellbeing
corona virus, economic stability for the country.   Hate filled rants from the top of our Govt fueling hate an division
covid-19
looting an to much cretsisum aguest each othe crime not wanting to abie by the law..
idk
social gaps in the class system
Predjudice against minorities
political unity
The radical left’s attack on democracy and promotion of socialism. Attack on those who are conservative.
RacismI would like to see people get a long with one another
I think the partison politics are making itmimpossible to move forward on any issues facing our,country.
COVID POLITICAL DIVISION
inner city povertydrug abuse/opiod addictionmental health awarenessClimate ChangeHealth Care system
Media fueling the fire and not reporting non-biased news. Lack of respect from many citizens for this country and rioting/protesting that turns destructive/violent. Government officials allowing it to continue rather than condemn it.
I think the economic problems people have is not being paid attention to by the administration and have also turned a deaf ear to the needs and safety protection from the pandemic.
Climate change and all of the inequities and dangers that stem from an inability to confront this massive issue.
Wealth Distribution/Inequality
Racism, sexism, homophobia, Covid 19, Donald Trump
getting control of the COVID virus
Trumpism = Racism, autocratic, cult, women's rights,putting children in cages and separating from parents.  A lying and self-serving president.
I feel like one of the biggest issues facing our country right now is the increasing division of and animosity between people with differing beliefs and political viewpoints. Instead of trying to meet in the middle or having productive conversations, people want to just label others who don't agree with them as the enemy.
white supremacy . our institutions  are built on it , so they can't help but perpetuate it
Economy, Health Care, Immigration, Iran, North Korea, China
Police handling, Racism,  Cyber Attack, Post Covid Economy
the pandemic that is killing so many and has forced people out of work andcaused financial issues for so many.
There is a double standard for work compensation with race
Hard-working people struggling to make a living while people who don't contribute (but are able) are getting free money, food, and healthcare
racismreligion in all facets of governmentdiscriminationviolencehealthcare
The handling of the Covid Pandemic
COVID-19 vaccination. Economic issued caused by COVID-19
covid 19 finding a cure
Transitioning between President Trump and Joe Biden
health care and housing
Political agenda
I no longer have any respect for members of the United States Congress.  In the Covid-19 Relief/Stimulus Bill, 1.4 billion was given to the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act (who or what is that????), 135 million to Burma, 130 million to Nepal, 85.5 million to Cambodia, etc.  while American are suffering through a pandemic.  Why is my tax money being sent to foreign governments instead of helping Americans during these unprecedented times?   Congress doesn't care about the people that they represent.  The U.S. Congress has no honor or integrity.
Homeless people
Child sex trafficingCivid handlingBlack lives matterMeToo movement
Covid-19 Pandemic Response
El coronavirus y el racista de Trump nada mas. Todo lo demas esta bien
Single parents having to pay a lot of taxes for making more then what their aloud to make.  And the epedamic.
I think racism and police brutality are huge issues that will continue to be a problem.
Socio-economic issues facing major cities in the US. A president that has garnered the support of 75 million people in his efforts to disrupt and discredit democracy. Cyber security threats from international enemies
poverty, starvation, homelessness, unemployment, education- the lack there of,fundamental morals/values (i.e. God in school), crime,
jobs the covid 19 virus
crippling small buisness due to shutdowns
economy and crime
Division between the people of different opinions.
getting covid under control and a difiniative plan to deal with it.     must get the economy moving again!
hatred - people have a lot of hate for other people that have different beliefs, views or physical differences
The media not reporting the actual news but making up their version of the news
not taking covid seriously
Equal rights issues and discrimination towards LGBTQ+ individuals. Homelessness and poverty, and the abortion issue (and of course, COVID-19 response). Abortion specifically relates to our foster care system.
media literacy and intellectual politicsl discourse
people are not receiving justice after being murdered by the police
SocialismAbortion
covid ruining life as we know it
I feel one of the biggest problems we face as a country is mental health. There is so much stress being put on people. We are always going and as a country we never just pause and take a break. We are always looking for the next thing. People are burning out early. People dont have the money for things because everytyis expensive so once again they are working more and getting more stress. People turn to alcohol and drugs and when they need help family has to step in. what happens when the problems get to big? poor family members are forced to step in and help cause these people with mental health problems have no where to go.
nobody can come to an agreement
access to healthcare. so many americans are without healthcare or inadequate healthcare. insurance companies need to care less about their pockets and more about people.
Covid getting it under control. Getting Trump out of office peacefully.
The corona virus
racism, homelessness and jobs
Coronavirus response, voting rights, racism, gender inequality
Donald TrumpCovidFear for our Democracy
-9
division because of politics.
Too many people only care about themselves and seem to have no concern for others or how their actions affect others
COVID-19 needs to be treated like the common flu/cold because it has less deaths
indecision - people are split and not united for common cause
extreme differences of opinion of the population.Congress needs term limits. Our elected officials seem to care more about staying in office then getting anything accomplished.People not understanding the importance in controlling this pandemic
that people dont think for themselves and are content with being told how to think
False and biased reporting from news mediapoliticians are concerned for their own agendas and not what is  truly best for Americans.
Economy we need to get people back to work
Covid and the impact it has on people's jobs and the economy
To much "political correctness"
-****************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************-**********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************Covid and the economy going down
COVIDEmploymentHealth Care
low wages for nursing home workers
Repercussions(financial)of the "pandemic"
racism, hate
The pandemic is the cause of many immediate problems especially healthcare and jobs.
Health issues due to COVID-19.
The loss of the middle class - the economy is controlled by a select number of people.  No real difference in the two political parties.
climate change     drugs.    phones.
afordable houseing.
immigration, covid 19, homelessness,
Disinformation/social media
The electrion voter fraud. Mail in voting .
illigal immigration
There is deep divide and distrust of each other amongst: Republicans and Democrats; rural voters and urban voters; liberals and conservatives; people of faith and secularists; etc.
defunding police giving racial issues more power
-8
National Security. Donald Trump is a threat to our security.
racial inequality and police brutality
Economy and Pandemic
-9
corona virus killing a lot of people and stuff and they are trying to find a cure for it//
Preservation of the Republic
racial barrier is the biggest problem and difference in wealth right behind it
county is divided. 1/2 always looses no matter who the president is. get rid of parties. they cause nothing but hate.
Income equality gap.  Racism.  Alternative facts
cost of living is way to high. welfar should help people who work a full time job. working poor is a thing.covid rules are making life very hard.health care cost are way to high.giving people extra food stamps for covid is a good idea but not everyone is getting exta why should 1 person get an extra $200 a month but another person can't?
Gun control, COVID, Saving the Earth, China
COVID19 pandemic, racism, economic equality
covid 19 terrorism
covid- lack of plan to address control, lack of PPE, lack of leadership on wearing mask, lack of congress releasing funds to help those without work, no real plan tp address housing or food needs
Abortion, Lesbian and Gay Agenda, Socilaism, Immigration, Election
the media is biased and controlling the narrative of trump is a bad man. he is not the most likeable candidate however he has done a lot of good for the country. the media doesnt highlight the good things only create bad ones.
Socialism in general!
Socialism aka Communism
public health/controlling the pandemic
COVID-19 Pandemic
immigration chldren being locked up
Systematic racism, systematic sexism, unfair distribution of food/resources.
Pandemic- economic downfall, the increase in COVID-19 cases
The United States is not very united, in fact we are a divided nation
racial justice, unity of the nation, overall civil rights and equality, public heath, finanacial security
covid 19, national security.
Covid-19Racial differencesAmerica divided Hate "Make America Great Again "
Corrupt politicians
Black Lives Matter and the nationwide issue of systemic racism really concerns me.
Police brutality, political division, pandemic control, the "anti-intellectual" movement, availability of affordable healthcare
accountability
PROBABLY MORE HELP FOR IMMIGRANTS WHETHER THEY ARE COMING OR LEAVING THEY JUST NEED BETTER ASSSITANCE TO FOLLOW THE PROPER THE PROCEDURES FOR JOINING OR LEAVING OUR COUNTRY//
The Presidency  Biden's health and Harris possibly taking over the presidency, she is to far left
COVID, Gov only concerned about themselves and winning and not the people
Economy
our country is extremley divided
moral valuessocial responsibility and financial conservatism
-9
pandemic and the effect it is having on small business and jobs
In particular, the systemic racism and far right wing Q-Anon conspiracies that have somehow been adopted into mainstream belief systems.
Capitalism, wealth inequality, lack of universal health care, the US empire, Covid, global warming
divisiveness, healthcare, immigration issues, discrimination and civil rights, police brutality, pandemic, and horrible leadership. looking forward to a new start.
voter fraudmedia biasfalse representation (i.e BLM antifa should be condemned)
economy. the people are needing financial support now. people have lost their jobs and can't pay their bills or buy food.
-9
racism, health, economy, not providing and taking care of the poor
misinformation
Financial Gap- There is so much poverty yet so much money sitting with the 1%
covid 19. the pandemic
Pandemic - The fact that it has become a political issue not one based on the science. It's impact on families (240,000 dead) and it's impact on our economy.
Debt, climate change, pandemic
radical socialists wanting to do away with the Constitution, immigration and border control, late term abortions, media and their censorship
Racism, Pandemic, Lack of Resources to certain cultures, etc
People are more worried about how they can get something for free than they are about working for what they want or need.
pandemic  health care  unemployment
THE ENVIRONMENT. THE ECONOMY (JOBS AND PURCHASING POWER). SOCIAL JUSTICE. RUNAWAY BIG BUSINESS.
people having a sence of entitlement
socialism is a problem
socialist, liberal ideas defunding the policeBLM
Covid-19 spreading throughout the country without a nation plan to fight it.
Left wing news media
Covid 19Racial TensionEconomy Political division
too much government involvement in daily life
covid 19, social justice, healthcare, immigration, wealth gap
systematic racism, unity, coronavirus, international relations
Global warming has not been taken seriously, what kind of world are we leaving for the youths of tomorrow. If we do not take action, there might not be chance to take action tomorrow.
people do not marry
The big division/ polarization between republican and democrats.  People not trusting in science.
First is Covid-19
The destruction of a Family Dynamic
Th economy is not doing well. People have lost their jobs, kids are going through a lot with social learning, People are losing their business , homes. The cost of living in California is to high.
COVID pandemic and dysfunctional political response.
helping out its own veterans
police brutality, women's rights, the deportation of Mexican Americans
education, and standard of living.
God and moral’s have been removed and tok much hate and evil has replaced it.
Covid 19 spread in my community and across the country. The affect on healthcare and also on business and the economy.
Everyone is so angry about everything. Everyone needs to chill out. bad stuff happens and good stuff happens. There are always going to bad people that make trouble.are these people protesting because they dont have anything better to do?! If I have free time you will probably see me cleaning the house or spending time with my kids, not going to some political rally. And, why is it so difficult to wear a mask or make sure that your big nose is covered. im going to start grabbing peoples noses in the grocery store. People need to get a life and see whats more important.  It doesnt matter who the president is. The president will have almost no impact on any aspect of my life when all is said and done.
covid 19   More restrictions needed.
The ongoing pandemic which in turn sheds further light onto other problems that include the broken healthcare and education systems, media bias and access to factual information, economic instability, welfare and poverty (particularly affecting POC and immigrant populations), and systematic racial and gender injustices.
Covid-19 and the Black Lives Matter Movement
The media creating more issues than what really exist.
COVID-19 infections and deaths around the country and inadequate tools being used or encouraged to combat this disease.
Wealth Inequality
economics - socialism vs capatlism
COVID-19, systemic racism, income inequality, lack of affordable health care
racism, poverty
covid stimulus checks
covid-19 and Trump's refusal to step down
the covid and the jobless
TRUMP and COVID
economical development needs help
Economic inequality
knowing who really cares the people of rhe united states and if they will really represent all people fairly
economic shutdown
Division, Policing, lack of leadership
two party system
not the corona virus but the loss of jobs due to democrats shutting citys down
-9
covid and the presidential election.
News media Reporting
solving the COVID pandemic snd returning to normal.
covid pandemic
Division of the people and congress.  No one is compromising
rioting & looting
that we've got people in high places that want to turn the country into a socialist country.  I just think its a horrible idea and we have to do everything we can to stop it.  that's all there is to it//
If Biden actually becomes president we will no longer be a democracy
income divideaccess to health carestudent deptpandemic
the pandemic and all the related deaths, healthcare issues, and economic effects
COVID response, did not respond well initially but reacting retroactively is also a concern
That if you disagree with someone or their view that you are considered intolerate.  No one seems to want to listen, only talk.The division seems to be widening.
economy is getting worse, people loose their jobs, businesses are closing
Election integrity, lack of the enforcement of the Rule of Law by liberal politicians, Antifa, authoritarian practices by the Democratic Party and liberal groups, the PRC's infringement on national sovereignty, and the economy.
Lack of unity in dealing with the pandemic; people selfishly refusing to wear masks; people exposing others to Covid due to their lack of concern
SYSTEMIC RACISM, CLASSISM, HOMO AND TRANSPHOBNIA, EQUAL RIGHTS IN GENERAL
the country is divided
Neo-Feudalism through big business influencing our policies and officials
-absence of common perspectives & facts on issues, due to citizens in information "silos".-economic inequality-perception that institutions are rigged and manipulated by the powerful-political partisanship at every level-environmental degradation
Economy.  We need to lower our deficit.
Lack of leadership and a national strategy to deal with and control the coronavirus.
COVIC 19, FINANCE, HOMELESSNESS, RACISM
Division among AMericansGrowing national bebt
The way pandemic is handledHow the rest of the world sees AmericaEconomyhealth care
climate change. covid-19. billionaires.
Racisim, Poverty, Education, ecomony
Divisiveness
Covid 19  Crime
Covid 19, police brutality, human rights, and
the pandemic.  we must get a plan in place to reduce the spread, relieve pressure on hospitals and health professionals, get a vaccine and make it available to all for free
Lack of unity.  There are too many groups with no room for compromise.
Covid-19 control, reestablishing decorum in the White House, reestablishing bonds with our US allies
The battle agaist contolling the spread and eradicating of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Socialist attitudes that demand some one else pay.
The covid 19 not being seen as a serious problem when so many people have died.
HealthcareSmall businessJob securityRetirement
REBUILDING THE US ECONOMY
The political divide
Division, rioting, violence, and misinformation.
Racism - Systemic Racisim
Death to the economy do to forced closings of small businesses and loss of family values do to forced lockdowns and forced mask.
Cooperation between government leaders, especially US congressAssistance for people affected by COVID-19Equal treatment for allBetter training for law enforcenment
how undivided we are currently
The economy will become a big problem.  Politicians lying and falsely leading the public.  Republicans and Democrats fighting each other to gain power over the other party for their own gains.  Taxing big businesses will cause them to move to other countries causing loss of thousands of job.  Loss of control and respect for each other and the country we live in.  Lack of proper defense of our country.
Not standing united towards a problem
the covid pandemic including loss of jobs and the ruining of small businesses.
Pandemic, Overated
the working man cant get help. its unfair
Preservation of democracy
Trusting  our leaders.
Economy; Infrastructure; Fighting COVID-19, Jobs creation, Health Care
I think we have a lot of division in our country, which I believe is pretty self destructive. There is a lot of hate between political parties and it's pretty heartbreaking to watch, especially on social media. I think social media is also a huge issue in dividing our country.
Socialism taking over the country.
Keeping the economy strong.
Lack of tolerance for people different from yourself
socialism/ free speech/ choice/ cancel culture/ Identity politics/ Big Tech
Climate change, racial injustice, and wealth gap
Covid 19 and jobs
Covid--no consistency between protocols; making life unmanageable.
IMMIGRATION - BIDEN'S POLICY, HE WANTS EVERYBODY IN AND SHE DOESN'T AGREE WITH THAT. COVID WILL BE RESOLVED IN TIME. SHE DOSEN'T AGREE WITH  BIDEN WHO WANTS TO DO AWAY THE OIL  AND FRACKING INDUSTRIES.
Reaction to Covid, Presidential Election, Protests
division.  its sad to say how we have become so drvided
racism among whites and the rest of the world
health Covid 19
Liberals. Too anti-American; far left leaning, towards socialism, communism, etc.
ecomomy recovery from covid
COVID-19 Pandemic
Covid 19 Biden not getting security updates Trump not accepting defeat and what He might do till January 20 th Divided country Race problem Economy
Poverty, exploitation of the working class, domination of politics by the capitalist class, a vicious legacy of white supremacy. Basically capitalism
we will not allow Biden to take control of our country. we will never become a socialist country!
Health, Economy
Climate Crisis, which it feels like nobody is talking about anymore.
Covid-19. We can't really solve much of our other problems until the virus is under control.
Economic inequality
Leftists shifting this country away from it's founding strengths. Hard work, morals, ethics, fairness...
Covid 19 the pandemic
Economy is loow
the way Trump is acting toward defeat. he is putting this country in a bad situation with other countries.
lack of media integrity
income disparity
The issue of police brutality and racism
the political divide
Media dividing the country
inequality   unequal access to education, health care, housing, vote and voice
We are not taking out the elites. We are relaying on technology too much, from taking jobs away. Not putting Hilary Clinton in prison, showing you can get away with murder, meaning anyone will do it. Riots started, police aren't able to tamed them. Trying to take our guns away as well, is a bigggggg no.
freedom to live
identity Politics
economy
racisms which the donald made worse or brought out the ones that were keeping it in the closet. But, I suppose it is good now so that you know how a person truly feels about you
1. COVID 19 infection/deaths2. Schools struggling in the pandemic3. Lack of Healthcare4. Food Insecurity5. Homelessness due to the pandemic6. Discrimination7. Substance use/misuse8. Mental health needs
Dealing with coronavirus
-1
i really don’t know at this time
Covid-19, Making sure the vaccine is 100 % effective, making sure it is full proof.
Racial injustice, political polarization
THE RESPONSE TO THE CORONA VIRUS
Corruption -- the election was not fair and the people should be voted by the people and there should be 0 corruption.   Parties:  The parties vote particularly by party and not be issue -- this is wrong.   Big Business -- There are lobbyists paying people and doing favors or blackmailing people in Congress.  This needs to end.   Media -- There are no accurate news sources.   Even if people do not like Trump, he did many very strong things while in office, which were not reported at all.   We need to decrease pharmaceutical med pricing and make people enter our country by the law.   We should only have US citizens vote.   Many of these things are common sense, but the US seems to have lost that.  The state of our country is sad and it is not because of President Trump -- it is due to the Democrats and what they have been doing.   They should have to pay for all the investigations that were never proven -- not the US citizens who knew it was all bogus from the start.   I never used to vote and I voted for the first time in many years for Trump and across Republican lines to give him a chance to do his job.   For the first time, we had a President actually doing his job.
racial inequality
peaple freaking out about covid 19
Income and health care
gettin covid-19 under control
A lot of the American public aren't taking covid-19 pandemic seriously (I still see people going into stores without masks).  We went out to see a live nativity scene last night and there were possibly 50 performers (no social distanting)
pandemic economy
climate change and need to divest from fossil fuels
Government corruption
racist
people storving and the world giing to shit
more jobs need to be available with less restrictions
Covid, climate change, creating space for dialogue and mediation between groups, providing support for people without taking away from American individuality
Economy, Covid, Socialism
Police Brutality
people do not try to understand american from other backgrounds. we are multicutlural but still too blind to understand well all be different. were not accepting of other culturals and being multi racial
Government corruption.
democrats socialism agenda
abortion, immigration, taxes
peace. practicality in treating others with respect and realizing that it doesnt take a lot for the the United States going in the right direction.
Covid 19 right now. Racism.
covid and all of the related economic issuesinsecurity about who to believe about covid
Racism. Treatment of Black People.
equal opportunities for allracism
Trump's mishandling of the economy, our national security, immigration policy,Trump's managing of Covid, the world opinion of USA, Trump's alliances with dictators,
-1
POLICE BRUTALITY
Economy, Covid-19
racism and police brutality
pandemic it has almost everything shut down thats know way to live
healthcareextremely overpriced
Covid - vaccine and immunization process and data logging (i.e. who has had the first shot, who needs a second, who has not participated, etc...)National DefenseEconomey
income inequality, Covid, education
Racism, there is a systemic problem within laws, regulations, education...
violence controlpandemic
getting covid under control.
Covid spreading rapidly
COVID, racism, climate change, police brutality, police and ICE and the government kidnapping and killing innocent people. the wealth gap. the fact that we elected a nazi in 2016 and almost did again. affordable education and healthcare. sexism.
SYSTEMIC RACISM.//
corona virus, fear of losing guns due to biden and fear of losing jobs
EDUCATIONAL FUNDING
Systemic RacismPoliticism of EVERYTHING
Division between democrats and Republicans
Recovery from Covid
Imigration and cv19
controlling the pandemic the economy and healthcare
Right now the push for socialism/communism type government the far left is pushing
Politicians. They are thieves
i think the most important thing in these questions is when did jim banks become a woman.economy,virus
homelessness, job security, healthcare access
The way society is manipulated and controlled by our government through false data and media puppets.
We haew a problem with racism; seems this preside3nt who is going out of office has made it fashionable to be racist again.  //
People do not want to treat everyone the same discrimination.
Biases propagated through the media.
covid 19
people who hate our country
covid 19, Trump admin has done a terrible job. Actually made it worse by down playing it and not exercising leadership.
covid and impact on the economy
Culture divisions, lack of civility in public discourse, racism, economic inequality, climate change
Racism and ra ists flatly shouldnt exist.
US government response to the COVID-19 pandemic
COVID19, Equality for all citizens.
people need to mind there own business and realx
Economic - we need to open back up. You cannot survive like this.
Socialist ideas of the Democratic party, they seem to be more off the chart than ever before..
economy:  getting people back to work without giving them money to stay home
Congress can not agree or disagree.  The House and Senate can not even meet and come to a solution.
pandmic
Donald Trump is corrupt and a crook. He doesn't care about the American people.
Overreach of the government.
covid 19 is
Division between sides as being represented on social media and media.  They amplify the voices of those furthest on left and right while ignoring most people are in-between.  This makes the division look much worse than it is and people tend to believe that and echo the sentiments being represented as their own and make assumptions about who lean to other side that are unfair and only cause more division rather than speak to people and learn what they believe and why.  It is ruining our country.
to many immigrants allowed into country and rec aid they didn't work for.
N/A
Covid-19 - We have to defeat the virus - get a workable vaccine - before we can begin to open up, restore the economy, and get back to normal.
Socialistic tendencies
covid. getting trump out.
Pandemic. It's very dangerous, and many public and private people are down-playing the risk.
-8
covid, hate, economy, environment
second stimulous and unemployment
Covid 19EconomyCIVIL WAR
The economy since the covid it has been gone down and hardship and hard times for the people have occurred for millions of American//
inequality between low incomes and high incomes
covid vaccines and rioting
-1
covid19...i migjt die from it!
increasing medical costs covid unemployment
systemic racism
division, hatred, political divisiveness and corruption, lack of love and respect for each other.
Drastic polarization between persons in the two major political parties.
Illegal immigrants using benefits.Abortion as a form of eugenics; minorities are not informed of this.
COVID and Money
Covid-19 affecting local businesses
migracion, economia
socio-economic inequality disadvantaging children from underseved communities thus repeating the cycle of poverty
Trump! What he has been allowed to do by his enablers. I did not know the President has so much power and can't be stopped when breaking laws, mistreating US citizens...my eyes have been opened.
the problem is the handling of the virus
illegal immagration
Mandatory lockdowns and power grabs by politicans in the name of public health, when many of their actions are not backed by science.
crooked elections. Get rid of that and the problems are miniscule
COVID pandemic, strengthening democracy, systemic racism
el razismo las drogas inmigracion
racism -systemic racism of black people
Fake News Corrupt Media
police authrority blm
hfhf
politically divided country
Covid 19, Chinese Virus.
Socialism, and equality. Equality message is confusing. I hear everyone wants equality but yet praises choosing a vp based on race and gender
-9
police  and economy
health care workers wages too low and medical & prescription insurance coat too high...chantix for smoking cessation not covered by cigna but 100 % covered by Humana
-1
health care
democrats and republican parties not working together.
-1
Lack of healthcareWealth inequality
The home grown terrorists, anarchist groups disguising themselves with concern as a Black Lives Matter Group, when they have not interest in the African American Community and are instigating and creating division and hate in our Great Country of America.
systemic racismpovertycapitalism
political division
Lack of willingness to work together on all fronts
Socialism what more needs to be said
Joe Biden
Lack of leadership for the pandemic, Racial injustice, Climate Change
our government in general they don't know how to make decisions anymore seems like they're all just damn crooked you get the best of what it is it's the way I look at it anymore
The political polarization being pushed by media outlets is a big problem. Another problem is the increasing popularity in gun control laws. They don't take your guns away all at once. They legislate and move that goalpost an inch at a time. Once legislation is in, it is very difficult to remove it. We should be more careful about putting in gun control legislation. Another big issue is the national debt. No one wants to curb the national debt.
race seperation because of lack of education
Getting a handle on the Coronavirus pandemic.
The divisive nature of people in our country today. As bad as I think Donald Trump is, I recognize and worry that 74 million Americans voted for him. He causes a tremendous amount of difficulty and our country will suffer if this continues. I am really amazed that there are so many people that do not follow social distancing and wearing masks. I cannot understand how people can ignore scientific facts.
Racial injustice and economic inequality.
Political polarization
Poverty/lack of access to basic necessities (healthy food/shelter/healthcare)
Pretty much everything liberalism pushes on our country
The spread anddanger of Covid
The economy, social unrest, partisan division - lack of consensus or working together
-9
Jobs~ not the presidents fault. It is due to covid.  Covid is not the presidents fault either
Covid 19, Discrediting our Democratic Foundations, ie FBI, CDC, Corporate Greed, 1%, Environment, Life long politicians
homeless people  racesism
I am concerned with the divisiveness we have in our country. We need more civility and willingness to find good in people even if we disagree on politics or other matters.
unity - we need to come together  and actually work through our problems, like intellegent adults.
DIVISION OF THE COUNTRY
racism,  and the covid virus
Coronavirus is surging and we need a national plan to mitigate the virus
Distrust in the election process
Division. Many things stem from there.
Liars, cheaters and thieves!
systemic racism and bias
COVID, rise of socialism
Media driven division
unity within the people
teaching socialism in school and ignoring its history
The covid crisis needs to be addressed before other issues can be resolved.
racial inequality
1) Biased news from the media,  this has direct impact on the social and economics of cities and the perception of people on status of this country. 2) Control of the Federal Reserve and US Treasury.  if this gets out of control the economics of this country will suffer.3) The lack to support law and order for some of our governmental leaders and the disregard/respect of our law enforcement agencies by our governmental leaders.
we need life liberty and the ability to pursuue happiness
hated for one another with opposing views/race/career
Societal RelationshipsGood Jobs with Fair WagesGood Employment OpportunitiesCommunity Programs to Strengthen Economy and Education
corona virusSe tiene que controlar el virus
Keeping our constitution in force. "Right to bear arms" People NEED to "control" themselves and not use a gun to shoot anytime they come into a disagreement
Faith in Governments institutions, Equal justice for all Americans, Income inequality, a belief in facts, defining what it means to be an american in 2020.
-1
Covid 19 pandemic, crumbling infrastructure, racial injustice, climate change, extreme political polarization, trickle down economics
how the general public is handling the pandemic, with complete disregard for others
quality of life
lobbyistcorrupt goverment, self serving politicianssocialism threatbig tech
Corona virus trying to get it under control
The fact we are so divided as a natio nis probalbly the greatest. That would be one.
Abortion should be illegal and Roe v. Wade should be reversed.
voter fraud, please voting that are dead, people ballot harvesting. there needs to be voter ID and a unified voter role through out the USA
education and the ability of small businesses to survive.
the problem is racisim
unity ... ideas are on opposing ends of soectrum with no leeway
we need the stimulus money to the American people.  people are loosing their homes and starving.  we need a higher payment that0 we need 2500
Racism,it seems like some people are More worried about the color of their skin and not Their pontential to Help this world accelerate to a more perfect UNION.
covid 19 needs to be recogbized and universal  plans needs to be adopted
The Democratic party. Division between political parties.  The threat of changing to socialism and losing democracy.
Many, but the most pressing problem is addressing COVID-19 while supporting those left unemployed by it.
Trump. He is trying to destroy our country, the USA.
The pandemic that is spreading across the country
covid-19 vaccine is needed asap
democratic identity, healthcare, sustainable manufacturing/industry, Social freedom
LiberalsBLMRioting
racial division
people believing in the democratic party
vaccine for the virus
-9
muslims have no place in our government. that is why we had a law against it. that law should have NEVER been changed. now look what they are doing. they want to change our country to be more like where they come from. why didnt they stay there.
covid-19 and selfish people
Government corruption
Covid PandemicWe need a president who will work with the CDC and the WHO, a president who sees the problem and will work to find a solution to the pandemic.  A president who encourages the people to social distance and wear a mask, not a president who refuses to be an example.
Trumpism and all it curtails
INCOMPETENT LEADERSHIP, MALDISTRIBUTION OF THE WEALTH, LACK OF CARING FOR HEALTH CARE FOR 99% BUT THE PRESIDENT, CONGRESS AND SENATE HAVE FREE HEALTH CARE NO DEDUCTIBLES OR COPAYS!
covid  getting the vaccine
wealth unbalance
1. Trump2. The discord caused by Trump3. Covid4. Assault on abortion rights5. Drugs6. Lack of personal responsibility7. Climate change
COVID, The Economy, and Education
racism police brutality covid small business and not enough programs for children of lower class to middle class children who are home schooled. moms and dads cant get tome off to spend with children and forced vacinations as well as health care and assistance financially and food assisance for middle class families
Selfishness and greed. Lack of humanity. Grievance politics. Fox News.
SARS-CoV-2. Nothing else will matter if we can't get the pandemic under control.
second amendment right
Losing our Rights
Covid 19/ Leftest
divided country
The Covid-19 pandemic
Hate number one. No family value. People too busy making a living instead of raising children with respect and good value.
Racisim and healthcare
Bombing and drone striking like a dozen countries at a time, either directly or through our Israeli, Saudi Arabian, or Turkish allies
Republican V Democrat's:  we have had an election and we should put the political parties aside and work for the betterment of the USA and not the party.
the COVID disease is the biggest problem. trump refusing to admit he lost the election is the second biggest problem.
Fascism. Racist and authoritarian attitudes.
intolerance of others' opinions
-8
-9
CLIMATE CHANGE!!! systemic racial injustice, coronavirus, economy
Racism, homophobia, transphobia, toxic masculinity, Dobald Trump, Covid
racism, economic instability for a growing number
Getting the pandemic COVID under control.
Finace, Jobs,Housing,Educations,Covid-19
health care
Corona Virus 19.
the election results
-1
Police Brutality, Systemic Racism, transphobia, homophobia, Global Warming, ableism.
An individual's rejection of Jesus Christ
Social Injustice, Racial Injustice, Loss of Jobs, Economy, Covid
covid, seperation
Election integrity and current election fraud happening
corruption. stolen election. voters fraud. media lies.
racism ,police killing blacks
Covid-19 pandemic is out of control and we currently have no plan to fix.  Better presidential leadership
taking care of our own homeless and children then other countries
covid-19 and shutting down businesses because
2.1.trump...trump’s cult 3.financial/ job crisis4.racism5.systemic and targeted oppression in regards to health, education and issues with law enforcement 6. law enforcement
coronavirus pandemic
RIGHT NOW THE PANDEMIC WOULD BE THE BIGGEST PROBLEM-I FEEL LIKE THE PANDEMIC IS HOLDING THE ECONOMY BACK AND ITS CAUSING A LOT OF DEATHS//
Student and Medical debt and the continuous rising cost of both of those as well as the cost of living, particularly housing and the minimum wage never rising to meet the inflation of everything listed. I do not believe the police should be defunded but I think if a portion of their budget was redirected to mental health and education, everyone's lives (including the police) would be easier. Also, our 2 party system has done nothing but divide the nation on a moral level for decades and they need to get back to focusing on the success of the nation and not only their side winning and when they don't, coaxing their supporters into the streets to battle for them.
Socialism taking away from from the fundanentals of the founding of this country.
National security
The biggest problem is the decline of good governance, and the decline of the moral fabric.
Wealth inequality
health care for all people
Unifying a very divided country.
corruption
coronavirus i feel like is hurting the work industry
Racism and Finances
climate control
hatred and distrust brought about by Trump administration
racism and voter trust
The biggest problem facing the US right now is our handling of the COVID-19 pandemic. We've allowed the virus to run rampant rather than invest in our people so that we can stay home where possible or work outside the home safely in essential industries.
listening to what the people want, not what the politicians agenda is. There should be term limits, no life time politicians.
we need to open up!  kids need to be back in school.
Global pandemic
covid and police brutality
HealthcareSocial Security
social issues such as black lives matter and the issues involving wearing a mask. plus unemployment
Covid 19 is upended Life's along with the lost of jobs
Covid-19 and the non-reaction our government has had towards keeping people safe
COVID-19 pandemic
Extreme Political Polarization, I believe is one of the more important problems that the United States is currently facing especially with how the previous Presidential Administration had handled things. This problem is the "Elephant in the Room" type of situation where everybody knows it exists but nobody wants to admit. The political gap between the two parties have been increasing ever so slightly to the point where both sides are willing to ignore their own faults albeit corruption, weak policies or even just scandals/controversies. I also believe that because the political gap is widening that this will lead to more and more extremists that are willing to go through with domestic terrorism on both sides. Regardless, I think this should be talked about despite people not wanting to hear about it and be made in attempts to fix this ever growing problem.
Covid19 is the most problematic.  Division is a close second.  It saddens me that so many people hate our country.
income disparity
coronavirus and people refusing to wear masks
the virus and police handling racial tension.
Pandemic needs more attention than Trump has done
Education: critical thinking
corruption of our civil right of voting
BidenHarris - lack of intelligence.  puppets
Covid19 and people not taking it seriously.
La Pandemia afecte la sulud y la economia
low income vs cost of living
Race relations will be one of the biggest problems to face this country. Major efforts need to be made to convince people that all are equal and should be treated as such.  All law enforcement agencies should be educated with this in mind.
Covid'19 Pandemic
Covid-19 pandemic
COVID, issues with race.
the sanctity of saving our democracy
Right now the country is divided.  That is a major problem.
The Pandemic is the most important problem in the country currently as it is and has lead to many more issues including the down economy, people losing their jobs, businesses closing, people dying.
covid and economic recovery
political divide, financial crisis, immigration, war on life, sanctity of marriage, saving the family, religious freedom
Trump extremists.
honesty,looking out for oneself, not thinking of the effect on other people
CORONAQ VIRUS//
Health
Racism, Sexism, inequality of people based on sexual preferences.
people believing the lies that is being spewed
the economy I feel is being ruined by covid
election fraud.
the growing divide in partisan politics.  there doesnt seem to be much of a middle anymore.
Covid 19 and keeping humans safe
Division- the country is too divided and each side only listens to its own side and hates those that disagree
trump he is a lying
Coronavirus (COVID-19), the impact of COVID and the pandemic on our lives and major life events, the economy and future recession, the civil unrest, racism and police brutality toward the black community in America, and climate change and wildfires in California.
Economy, Corona Virus
Black Lives Matter, Antifa and the radical left
Lying Dems , lying press..Lying to just get voted in no matter what  Lets just be fare and just
polarization, social program reform, policing, media fueled bias, infrastructure, energy
unity and being able to get away from 2 political parties
Politicians unwillingness to work with the other side.  I wish that we had more politicians in the middle rather than the far right or left.
racism hate violence social inequality health care
pandemic,financial,food, housing is way to high, health insurance.
women rights, racism, Climate change, and the supreme court
Election fraud.
People are not happy with our government. Homeless, economy,healthcare, and unity problems.
people need to chill - way too extreme on some issues - market is good, gas is cheap, we are not in an active war - COVID is bad but we are doing the best we can
N/A..... N/A
covid-19 in the Socialist movement
divisiveness. Our elected officials, pander to their political parties and refuse to vote for what is best for the our country as a whole.
One of the major problems is racism and religious differentiation.
intergrity and leadership
Coronavirus response, financial aid from Congress
economic hardship
RacismGender equalityCovid-19
Getting rid of Covid
We are a seriously divided country. Our political parties no longer represent the people. One party in particular is very much out of touch with the average voter. They no longer listen to whom they represent. Out of state funding is buying our officials.When the popular vote is won by a particular individual, they should hold the office. Not courts and frivolous lawsuits.Our immigration policies need reviewing and updating. Violent offenders should not be allowed to stay or enter.Healthcare needs to be driven more for the people and less for the insurance companies.
Covid-19 is overwhelming hospitals and hurting the economy.
COVID pandemic was mishandled and now many people are dying
Minority trying to impose their ideals on the majority; the disinformation that is taken as truth which leads to an uninformed electorate; misunderstanding of terms i.e.   socialism, democracy, fascism, etc.
unity and being an adult able to respect other opinions
COVID-19 response and effect on economy
Pandemic that is keeping everyone from normal life.
covid and way US is so devided on this!
Ignorance, and people’s ability to find “proof” of their  silly beliefs on the Internet giving it validity.
Economy, violence, hatred, healthcare, education
climate, pandemic, economy, help for americans
we are importing food and not using what we grow here in the u.s.
Reopening our economy and our businesses.  Maintaining energy independence, while continuing to broker peace deals in the middle east.  Bring in a change of law and order and end the riots by enforcing the laws on the books.  The rise of socialism within our system of government needs to be curtailed and stopped.
Racism Decisiveness COVID-19
Environment. Not enough leadership to solving problems because of inability to grasp seriousness of long term problems.
Fighting Socialism.
-9
FRAGMENTATION OF THE RACIAL AND CULTURE.PEOPLE ARE TALKING AT EACH OTHER RATHER THAN TO EACH OTHER.
Minding our business and focusing on health care, education
our freedom with these lockdowns
Media dishonesty
Authoritarianism
covid relief help from the government
-9
Colonization and systemic racism IntolerancePseudo Christian fundamentalistsToo few owning too many,disproportionate class systems  Lack of decent standard living wages Lack of universal healthcareComplete Education reformLobbying and SUPER PACS
Racism, transphobia, and other intolerances.
Covid stopping production and general employmentCapitalists stopping America from changing for the better due to their greedCongress doesn't have the best interest of the people in mind they are controlled by big business Congress is not well informed to make good decisions and are afraid of change
i dont know. I feel blessed. But I think we need to review work laws and how people are working. most jobs dont require a 8-5 to finish the task i think thats outdated. police departments need to get looked
2020 Presidential electional
party polarization
the media/ fake news/ reporting, liberals, people in power trying to use race to divide people, socilism democrats
covid finding a vaccine.  getting it to people
COVID Pandemic, not only on the health front, but also what it  is  doing to our economy
socialist takeover goverment wanting to give free healthcare and everything else to the freeloaders taxing me till im fucking broke and dead
global warming made worse by big business
Racism in this country is one of the greatest problems in this country.
Financial distress of lost wages and shutdowns
voter suppressionsenate republicanscovid
HEALTH CARE COST and Quality
covid 19 management
Donald Trump!!!!!
Donald Trump, one-issue voters, white fanatics, and a general lack of common sense.
Taking care of Americans first. COVID
No money going into people's pension.//
trying to rewrite the consitution. its a slippery slope if we allow them to take our guns. whats to stop them after that from changing the whole thing
Covid - 19, Economy, policy brutality (white supremacy in the police), climate change, religion in our government
Mental health/drugs, divided country
Health care housing relationship with allies
Election cheating
Lack of term limits
The major split between the political parties and the conservative extremists, especially the proud boys. Police brutality against minorities, Hate crimes against LGBTQIA+, and the rising cases of COVID 19
THE ELECTION AS TO REALY WAS ELECTED
social divisiveness
Election fraud and corruption
I think racism drives a lot of the continuing violence we live with.
I think of the most important problem is trusting the government.//
economy. business closures
sex trafficking, racism,
The new president and crew
election fraud. failure to abide by the constitution
Social division
corruption!!!! this country is built on big corperations controlling the country
COVID-19, Global Warming, Racism, Mental Illness, Gun Control
unity - the hatred coming from both sides of the political aisle.
Congress they need to take of the American people
Economy, heading towards economic crash. Hyperinflation.
-1
Climate Change
race - the fighting between races has well surpassed the "out of hand" category
Covid-19, because a lot of people have no jobs and the economy is decreasing.
While there are many other problems effecting the success of our society, I believe climate change his the most important problem we face.
Political Corruption
corruption in government
COVID-19, Immigration, Education reform, Human rights
covid-19 and racial problems
fear mongering. racial issues, immigration, womens issues.
covid 19 the economy race relations
greed. destroying the earth. homelessness. cost of living. work availability.
Promoting Green EnergyAffordable Health CareEquality
ensuring out constitution is held in takez
Racism,health care,illegals
Imagination and Socialism
Right now, thw coronavirus.
Internal corruption. Maintaining American superiority both economically and militarily.
The division the democrats are creating by calling republicans derogatory names and accusing them of things that are untrue.
Climate change is the greatest threat to the people in this country and around the world. Rolling back of environmental regulations during the Trump administration is wasting time we don't have to slow carbon emissions.
idiotic politicians funded by big businessbusinesses being allowed to make political donations
Individualism. People self isolating people only caring about themselves and not having a broader sense of helping others, the right to just help each other when you see someone needing help. Not socialism, because what I say can confuse people with socialism
covid
NUMBER #1 (inserted after): The inability of Trump to admit defeat.  The fact that Biden can't get in on intelligence meetings, is greatly hindering the transition, and the start to getting this country back on track (even if it's not the best track).The fact that small businesses are forced to close due to lack of funding.  Families are losing their livliehood, while big businesses are thriving.  It's a combination of many things, but a major is lack of support and cohesiveness from the government.  A leader that encourages his followers to place no basis in science, and pretty much ignore the corona virus.  There is a (possibly purposeful?) division in our country, and everything has become so black and white do to media, social media, and political leaders. Ehhhhh well now I guess I stated two problems.  I'll go with the second one, while the issue with small businesses is more coronavirus specific.
The economic and societal crash that is garunteed to follow this year.
Partisanship- Mitch McConnel and the Senate are not focused on the country's needs
Division, Covid,
Organizations that claim they have RIGHTS, that they already haveie: Gay rights
we are headed toward socialism which sucks
obviously the Corona virus is the important thing now.  i think there is a division in how some perceve it and that is causing trouble
Racism, economic inequality.
-1
covid-lack of national plan to control outbreak
Climate Change, Social injustices, mass incarceration, Covid,
controlling the spread of covid-19
The Divison of the country.//
Illegal Immigration, Socialism, Federal Spending
Increasing spread of COVID19
money, racial problems
After the election, it seemed to me that the largest problem facing this country is our divide.  I was shocked to see how divided we were and with a record turnout at the polls.  It's a bit unsettling.
division (polarization of issues), the MEDIA!!! Our education system, how liberalism has become radicalized, the economy, the inpouring of illegals and the polarization of the issue, we need socialized medicine or some form of it, continuing envolvement in foreign wars
too progressivehealth care
stock market keeping it strong and stable
Disinformation and polarization
When more people vote than there are registered voters, there evidently something fishy going on in the election process.
COVID—19 pandemic. We need stricter rules about masks and distancing.
extreme division,and of course the virus
We are too divided over politics, wealth and power
systemic racism
The country being divided. Americans against Americans.
-1
the economy
hate race need to keep jobs in America
Intolerance by groups who espouse tolerance.
China and it's unfair tarrifs
I think the most important problem facing this country is Entitlement
71 million people that happened to vote to keep the incumbent are called names made to feel less than human, that is bigotry in the worse sense of the word.  When they try to speak out they are censored or are told its disinformation.  I have never seen this country as biased and divided as now and I blame the Media they spin until everyone is at each other's throats.
I feel the biggest problem in this country is the wealth gap & education.
Reduce AbortionJob creationSmaller governmentPersonal freedoms
Racism. there is a lot more tension than ever before.  It's coming out more (racism).  A black guy gets get shot they're all over us the Black people, if it's a white cop, but if it's a Black person killed by a Black cop there is no such protest-why is that? Black people are killed by their own skin color more often than by white people. That's a fact, Jack. Daytime it's a protest, night time it's terrorism. Half the time they don't know who they're protesting for-the night people, not the day people; they 're two different groups. They just want a free pair of Air Jordans. A free handout whatever it might be.//
anti-police, police brutality, BLM, abortion
Out of control Pandemic hurting people's lives & mental health and the economy
Covid 19 Virus.  People are not taking it seriously.  It is going to spread and many people will die.  The economy will be shutdown and it will be worse than before.
Not being unitied. I think it is ok to think and be who you want, but do not push it on me.
global warming, covid, international relations,
Coronavirus, right now.// I definitely think we need to flatten the curve; I think I read the cases are up to 140,000 a day, increasing rather than decreasing. So, we need better analysis of what this virus is and how we can eradicate it, so, better science.
Racism, job inequality, pay rate,legalization of Marijuana, global warming, Carona virus
covid and rasim
El coronavirus y economia
pandemic - deaths
covid testing and logistics of vaccination
Racism, police brutality, unequal pay, and gun laws.
unemployment, illegals, too much welfare, the way our government is taking our constitutional rights  not necessarily in this order
Children being displaced in the detention center.
pandemic, how people are not taking this serious enough
Corruption, Racism, Entitlement, Poverty, Pay/salary differences
covid virus
Division.  Terms of division....including racial terms need to be discontinued.  We are not white Americans, black Americans, Chinese Americans....we are all Americans and need to behave that way.  It appears that many people need to "grow up" and begin acting as adults should and set a good example for younger generations.  I worry my grandchildren will not have the rights I did.
-Covid eradication/control-Economic assistance-Bringing corrupt politicians to account,including the Trump family crime syndicate.-Racial justice.Better policing policies.-Reverse all harmful policies on health and science with which the current administration has caused such harm. And death.
CIVIL RESPECT FOR ONE & OTHER
recovering from covid
Currently the pandeminc.
Civil unrest Socioeconomic inequalityLack of industry and self-sustainability (as a country, not individually)Judgemental opinions and behaviors
Dealing with climate change in our own country and rejoining the climate accord internationally.
Health insurance. Medicare. Veterans need more positive attention and help
money , most americans dont have enough
Guns and violence, drug addiction
pandemic, minimum wage
poverty, homelessness, discrimination, incarceration,drug addiction, lack of community, lack of social support, too much emphasis on wealth, career, status
The pandemic has been badly managed, with lack of leadership at a federal level resulting in it being out of control compared to other developed countries.
people affected by covid
economic injustice......race.......extremist ideas
Corruption.  Good decisions only come when the public is told the truth and government does not tell the truth.
covid, immigration, womens rights
Covid and race relations
The pandemic, unemployment, and social and racial inequality.
Racism people need to treat each other equal regardless of there race and color
Racism, Police Brutality, Health Care, A division of country just because if political dofferences.
healthcare and cost of insurance premiums
Covid-19: The effect is has had on peoples' physical, mental and social health; the economy, peoples' businesses, the non-bipartisan cooperation.
THE PANDEMIC//
COVID-19, Student Loan Debt, Economy
The pandemic Covid 19 is the greatest problem
protest rallies
The loss of our freedom from the republican party wanting socialism and the me millinials tearing down our country.
It seems that the County is some what divided and there is no Unity among Americans
Coronavirus relief
Covid-19Health Care Access / Affordability Race Wars
election fallout
systemic racism, nationalist mentality, universal health care, women's rights to choose for her own body, taking climate change seriously, homelessness, death penalty, billionaires getting richer and poor getting poorer
the pandemic, the economy, the damage the Trump administration  has done to our government agencies.
Corona Virus and how to stop the spread
Covid spread, illness, death without control of it all other problems remain and possibly exacerbated.
Racism and white supremacy groups
Division. US citizens don't know how to work together and are unwilling to listen to each other with compassion. President Trump has fueled this division and is personally responsible for a lot of it. The country cannot accomplish anything beneficial because Americans are unwilling to compromise on their issues and the two parties go back and forth between doing and undoing each other's work.
Donald Trump, a narcissist's bully leading our country is the biggest issue we have
Freedoms are being taken away on a daily basis and we the people are letting it happen.
-9
Pandemic - I don't think we've done a good enough job of containing it; not a good enough job of helping those who are out of work. Not a good enough job for those who have lost health insurance coverage.
Anger and division promoted by Trump
right now COVID and BLM are the two most important
socilalism. toomuch government contrl.
Pandemic, economy, racial injustice, hatred, lying, bullying
financing health care
covid help for the american peoplemore stimulus
Coronavirus, immigration detention, housing costs and cost of living increases, education costs
CONTROL OF THE COVID 19 PANDEMIC
Moving toward Socialism /coruption in government
THE ENEMY WITHIN,  NO CENSORSHIP,  SELLING OUT FOR ALMOST ANYTHING, TRADING WITH OUR ENEMIES, AND DEBATING THE REMOVAL OF ILLEGALS.
Socialism  China and President Elect Biden
Shutting down businesses because of COVID 19
Climate Change. Without a sustaining environment, life on earth becomes precarious, income inequality deepens, wars break out, and, ultimately, life, including human life, ceases to thrive. In a worst case scenario ceases to be able to exist. A thriving natural, wild, environment is crucial to humans' physical, mental, and emotional well being. Climate change will, by its very nature, change the environments in which we live. Species will need to adapt, and adapt quickly, or become extinct. We are already in the midst of the 6th mass extinction our planet has known in the age, appropriately if frighteningly named: the Anthropocene. Climate change is an existential crisis. It is the most important problem facing our country and our planet.
money abortion
The division between people who believe in truth, science, equal rights for all, transparency in govt., and those who only believe what benefits them and are happy if that comes as a punishment for others
Trusting our elections
DivisionExtremismDisinformation
TaxesSupplying food for familiesKeeping a job
Elected officials need to work for the people not be bought by corporations.   BLM....all lives matter.
systematic racism
Covid19 Pandemic, Economy, Climate Change
structural racism
racism- a lot of physical fights
Globalists selling out our country and enslaving citizens.
the divisions in government.
humanity! people first
Healthcare (COVID included)
The covid pandemic we have to get it under control we havent been doing that//
Covid-19, unemployment, police brutality
money, covid!!!!
HealthcareEconomyWelfare/DisabilitySocial SecurityEducation
Credibility with global economy
CoronaVirusEconomy
pandemic need a reliable vaccine soon
Erosion of traditional family values. Two parent households. Building strong identities.
people that dont comply with the government during this pandemic! Wear a mask...
Economic instabilityUnemploymentNational Security
Crooked Election.   We're America.   No matter the political leanings every American should want and deserve this.   So disappointed in American citizens who have not reacted to such a serious problem.   My ancestors came to America leaving Communism, Socialism, Marxism behind them; today people don't know what the consequences of this type of leadership is (i.e. crooked election to start).
We can't get along
infringement of our constitutional rights
Political corruption/electoral collegeCOVID19Corrupt capitalism
economy, getting people back to work and getting to travel after the pandemic.
Covid, economic recovery, and social unrest.
Lack of recognition for educational achievement outside of academic circles. Hence lack of emphasis on young people to value their education. Zealotry concerning specifically adhering to 1 of 2 major political parties. As in if your "side" doesn't "win", the other side is "inherently wrong". Skepticism in informational sources. Apathy towards the well-being of others. Laziness. Fear of economic failure on behalf of the individual.
Cultural Marxism along with the Federal Government getting more power. The loss of individual liberties in the process. Introducing socialist policies and killing the free market is a big fear. Green New Deal, etc.
RacisimSexismHaving trump as a leader
Income and wealth inequality
cities not taking care of their citizens. mayors defunding their police, drugs, homelessness-not policing those people-Democratic Mayors and governors
Wealth inequality, unequal opportunity/access to healthcare and education, racism/sexism/classism/homophobia (dislike/disregard towards a certain group of people), environmental impact Americans create, and the impact substances/ingredients we use in our products have on humans.
COVID-19 Pandemic
Tech Censorship and a lying media.This is 5th generational information warfare.
Poverty/wealth inequality and systemic racial repression
Division; people wishing to spew hate just because they don’t like other’s views.
the cost of healthcare
1. la politica es sucia.2. Los representantes elegidos por los partidos representan al partido pero no al pais.3. Ayudar a las personas de bajo nivel social y economico, pero no dandole assistancia publica, sino ensenandole a estudiar y trabajar \, que se ganen su propios sustento, y las personas que no tienen income suficiente que no tengan mas de 1 o 2 ninos para no ser carga para el govierno.4. Los trabajadores de bajo income merecen tener ayuda para pagar su renta, pues la mayoria cuando pagan la renta no le  queda para comer y si van a buscar ayuda de los cupones se le niega prque se pasan con 5 o 10 dollares del presupuesta que demamnda los food stamp, mientra que los vagos estan dormiendo , tomando y entrogandose y ellos si tienen derecho a todos, pienso que esto tiene que cambiar, pues se le esta castigando al trabajador y premiando al vago, pero entiendo que todo es politica y hay mucho intereses en este asunto.
Climate change (this question is unclear, if we can include others then: anti-democratic (small d) institutions, racial inequality, economic inequality)
rasismo, y la falta de atencion de padres a hijos.
Covid19Future President with dementia &known brain aneurysmsEconomySafety of Country
fracking for gas. potentially going to destroy our drinking water. disapprove highly
covid 19 nothing is consistant, every day something is changing and after 7-8 months with all of this technology, things are supposely getting worst. It doesnt make any sense.
ice kids in cages and blm
RACE
-5
The deep divisions between parties.Gun controlHealthcare
-9
the abuse of public assistance
abuse of power - president and congress refuse to work together and instead work on self interests and self-enrichment.
health care, environment/climate, racial justice, education
Political divide - everything is black or white.  There's no middle ground or compromise any longer.
JobsCovidHomelessness
covid 19 & having a strong plan to trace, vaccinate & get the help out to ppl impacted in any way from it.
jobsgovt control
Economy due to the pandemic, racial divide due to the two party system, affordable housing.
i think the most importsnt issue facing this nation is balancing the economy and combatting this deadly virus. we must fight this virus but must not do so at the detriment of the american working people. we must find a way to balance the two.
a cure for covid 19 I dont understand why they havent found a vaccine yet?
Liberals wanting to move this country left of center is by far our significant concern for the US.  Police Authority-People need to follow laws.  Immigration-needs to continue to a have tight control of it.  Socialism-Democratic leaders must stop supporting this.
because of new administration : Heading toward socialismopening bordersloss of freedomsdefunding policeclosing country because of virus
Racisms, not enough support for our nations people during hardships. I also don't like the way the media portrays the news.
covid virus  must be controlled so people can work get society back to working
climate change, exploiting our natural resorces for monitary value
racial tensions, economy, healthcare
immigration and the way it is being handled
the coronavirus pandemic
Division of the Parties
racism in criminal justice and sentencing
partisanship - the fact that neither side is willing to listen to the other and compromise in any way
Climate change, rising economic inequality, a shitty criminal justice system, political polarization
I think we are all gonna be in trouble if Joe Biden becomes president
Politics and how caustic, dishonest and devisive things have become.
Black Lives Matters and Looting
Our turn from Judeo Christian values as demonstrated in the failing our homes.
right  now the pandemic
Well of course I think that this COVID is the worse problem we have now. I am just thankful they are about to get a vaccination for it.
health care,race relations, immigation separation of immigrate children from their parents. how bad is that!
Nation's debt, I just don't see how our nation will ever get rid of it, but at the same time I don't thank Government aims to do so.
A certain presidential candidate feeding people full of lies.
Mounting debt and less free capital crushing the economy
We need more LOVE less HATE. Do away with Covid
Lack of National Health Care.
our politics has gotten out of control its all drama now. every elected offical should be working to better america. we the people is tired of the he said she said stuff.
people promoting socialism as a good thing
Healthcare for all
black lives matter a marxist socialist movement hijacking a cause to loot and riot for no other reason than to create unrest. which is linked to the disgusting movement of demonizing the police
Racism //
The pandemic. I think the people want their normal lives back.
China has to much power over our country.
crime
ANTISEMITISM specialie in canpus [REDACTED DETAILS] to many moslem influence
Covid-the economy and health balance
preceptions of electoral fraud.  voter id and security of our votes.  2nd admin, riots, law and order, socialism. civil war, disenfranchised fly over states.
Covid pandemic
-1
Too many freeloaders wanting free stuff (BLM, Antifa, Refugees, etc.). Too many people harboring grudges rather than getting off their butts and going to work for what they want.
Covid and hostility among groups with a political and/or social policy agenda
no
Lack of American Unity
no concept of truth, polarized people, democrats have no single issue voters, healthcare, taxes
the health of our nationa/panademic, racial unrest/police violence and the environment/climate change
Systemic racism and uneven distribution of wealth
covid19 affects
UnemploymentLack of funding for small businessLack of large gatherings
Lack of education, corruption, bad earth policies
education, climate and healthcare
Pandemic
RacismClimateHealth CareDisunity, tribalismPeaceful transition of power
covid-19. not being able to find a cure.
"Politics" Division - lack of unity
Government Control vs Personal Responsibility
covid. destroying society and institutions
TThe democrats, socialists, BLM, antifa (and other similar groups), all the riotors, most media and one world order governments all have tried to take down President Trump and the United States of America.
give to much away to illegals also blacks enough is enough get a job
Economic inequity
-9
Probably the economy and good paying jobs, because of it's affect on a lot of the other problems.
extreme partisanship; 24 hour news cycle , difficult to find unbiased news outlets
1. Getting pandemic under control2. Getting economy back on track3. Addressing racial issues4. Addressing rural america ussues5. Unifying Americabs
Covid 19 & unemployment
-9
racial issues, lgbtq, covid, etc.
Greed for power and moneyAll forms of discrimination  - racism, homophobia, sexism, ableism, etc...Underfunding of eductionUnderfunding of mental health and overall wellness
health insurance is the biggest
Virus, Abortion, Elder care
economy, covid, division
To just name one problem, the environment.
HEALTH INSURANCE
covid 19 It is bad on the economy.
Hatred. There seems to be too much ugliness towards our neighbors.
COVID, SERIOUS HEALTH CONCERNS
Climate Change, Race Relations, The problem with Mitch Mcconnell/ Graham/Cotton holding up the Senate so they cannot get work done. The all or nothing problems with the Republican Senate.
division due to ignorant individuals.
the covid-19 that is a problem there's nothing he can do anyone can do there is that job issue now there's a lot of people out of work
Getting the economy back on track and Covid stopped.
Healthcare, National Debt and Corporate and Personal Income Tax - and Citizens United.
pandemic - jobs and lives lost, and how are we going to rebuild
Global warming.
authoritarianism and facism
There are so many its hard to pick, I would say media. I worry about the people being swayed by communications, technology, that sort of thing. I guess if I had a lot of time to think about it I wold have a lot to add but this is all I can think of for now
healthcare (especially for the elderly that don’t know how to use, or don’t have access to technology)
Jobs for the poor people.
abortion epidemic.   lack of people taking responsibility   the. failed liberal elite leadership ruining cities and states
pandemic hope to get back to normal
Pandemic response. Polarization fed by fake news. Big business gaming system for PPE funds. Unemployment guarantees expiring too soon, rent moratorium expirations, aggressive evictions facilitated by legal agencies. People put into charge of organizations for which they know nothing.
lack of unity amongst citizens
election gay rights climate change obama care dreamers supreme court
BLM Movement, Antifa, Divisiveness and Lack of accountability from fellow Americans citizens who blame the government/system on their current status/shortcomings (excluding COVID)
Get rid of COVID restrictions and get the economy working.
covid 19 lack of federal government doing more to stop
Perpetuated negative info from social media, media, etc.
none.
Division, lack of unity as a country
race, politics, economy
The shift against democracy (aka fascism) by the Republican party is country-specific.Globally, COVID and global warming are important.
president
Pandemic Party DivisionUnity
the moran running it
affordable and quality healthcare, my child's education during this covid pandemic, jobs
division between people because of political views
fiscal responsibility, less goverment
the most important problems our country faces is climate change and the police having too much power over the people
The corona virus
two tiered justice sytemcareer politiciansdisinformation from mediaunafordable health care system
Division, socialism
Racism - Not everyone is viewed on an equal plain
Poverty gap - the rich are way too rich
Socialism/communism
Extreme partisan ship, lack of solidarity that should span both liberal and conservative thought
Ignorance, people need to learn to think for themselves and make intelligent decesions.
The individual Moral decline
Black Lives Matter, Covid, Policing, Income Gap, Big Tech, Education
divisiveness between blue and red. 2 party system is showing flaws
abortion-killing of innocent unborn and born babies.
Hatred. Systemic and inherited hatred rule most mindsets.
CoVi-DPolitical Division (caused by Trump and his Republican administration)American economyForeign relation. Due to damage caused be Trump.Immigration Due to Trump's Sociopath behavior
pandemic responseequity
covid we need a vacine and more protective gear and staffing. people are hungry, fearing death and housing issues
climate control
Progressive socialism
Division of parties. Violent left/right wing persons. False racism claims. Media.
PANDEMIC, Economy, Immigration, Global Warming
Extremism. Our politicians (and our citizens) need to collaborate better.
media and technology interference in awareness of truth
The  United States is becoming  socialistic nation
the pandemic, lack of help for those who truly need it
more than one problem. the country is being divided in many ways. and personal opinion is not tollerated. so there is to freedom of speech.
Systemic racism
immigration, the media, radical left, and our corrupt election
Socialism and our youth not being taught what it means
socialism making its way in to our american freedoms
Covid-19 Response
Addressing and preparing for climate change.
inequality. 1% of the population has most of the wealth
big business tax breaks, student debt, %99 of wealth owned by %1 of the population. native american oppression.
Not sure, I do not watch TV or keep up with Politics. Depressing
Corona Virus, Economy, Hate and lies spewed by Trump.
two party systemspecial interest groups/lobbyingno term limitswelfare for corporations taxes for citizens
homeless people
Covid 19 and the lack of unity/trust/respect of those who different than we are.
No one respects our leaders.  Not enough hard work and honesty, just rioting and certain groups feeling entitled and disrespecting the police.
racial warsopiod usage and the pharmasuitical companiesgmos poisioning our foodchem trailspedophiles in the government and media
racial inequality, covid-19, police brutality, supporting Israel
PANDEMIC GETTING EVERYONE TOBE SAFE
jobs,energy not enoungh of both
Economy. Economy. Economy.People are losing their jobs left and right.Gov't is increasing our tax burden and we are not getting ahead.
Jobs and health
Covid-19 is the most significant health crisis in 100 years. it will define the 21st century.
Climate crisis number 1health insurance number 2
Disease Control
white supremacy
-1
I think Covid-19 is No. 1No. 2 --  I am afraid of the new proposed policy of letting foreign people converge to the USA in large numbers (and the rest of us Americans will have to bear the burden of the cost of housing and feeding them with increases to our taxes when the majority of us are having so much stress just trying to feed and house our families, since we have lost our jobs).
covidrussian hackingchinese not follwong business laws
covid pandimic
Income inequality
overcomming our present healthproblem ane the way it is being delt with
the Virusthe economy
race blacks not being seeing eye to eye to whites
The biggest problem is the growing wealth divide. A handful of people own everything and everyone else is struggling to barely get by. Furthermore, the masses won't unite and conquer because they are kept in-fighting with each other as a result of propaganda over several decades. People hate others because of race, religion, gender, etc. when really they should hate the big corporations and evil men who stole everything from them.
COVID-19getting it under control and moving on to a brighter future with real leadership
Socialism- Liberals- Biden and Harris
Race, economic gaps, covid
social democrats
KEEP BORDERS SECURE, WITH LEGAL IMMIGRATION//
covid pandemic - people refusing to mask up, social distance, etc.  Mostly thanks to Trump and his insane followers.
Sustained economic recovery
Kids need to be learned at school how not to waste the materials.
Rights of All Americans being preserved.
SHE IS NOT INVOLVED ENOUGH
economy: getting people back to work
-9
covidpolice brutality
we must regain our position as a positive model of democracy and repair our relations with our allies. We must be concerned about our environment. We must be America again not a devisive country but a unified one.
main stream media, demacratic news, big democrat donors to terror groups and media
distrust in science and facts
Systemic Racism
Covid 19 deaths
THE ECONOMY//
racism economy climate education science tax structure
lack of gun control, mass shootings, minimum wage too low, health care quality, prescription drugs too expensive.
Climate ChangeHealth CareIncome Inequality
deep division among people
Immagrants with wrong idifcation
Sanctity of life, free market, religious liberties
national division
Health - pandemicDivisionMost important - People need Jesus
We have left God
people are lost and dont know Jesus.
covid epidemic
Erosion of liberties
Government can’t be trusted
Economy and where it will go as we proceed through the pandemic.
Election Integrity
The country is very divided
Covid 19 is affecting health, economy, social order.
Fascism. We voted out trump, but still we will deal with the fallout. In addition Fox News constant propaganda against reality with further dived the country shifting the right further towards fascism.
Economic disparity that is made worse by the systemic issues related to race and other related social issues.  The middle class is barely treading water and has is still disprportionately difficult for people of color to achieve.
Tribalistic divide fueled by our media
covid-19stimulus reliefunemployment
police brutalityafrican american descriminationlgbt descrimination
UNITY, THIS COUNTRY IS DIVIDED IN HALF WITH EACH SIDE STRONGLY BELIEVING THEIR IDEAS AND VEIWS ARE THE ONLY AND RIGHT WAY.
The pandemic and its effect on quality of life and freedom.
-1
People within the US who are working to destroy America.
Starting with the President and his Republican Senators. They are acting irresponsible before the country that needs immediate attention to the pandemic, and the people who needs help.  Not conceding the election to Joe Biden is not just hurting him but hurting the whole country.  Trump does not deserve any more attention to benefit himself.
systematic racism
poor health care
corona virus- our country's response/lack of response to the pandemic. Access to affordable healthcare also comes into play with this
Covid-19 Out of control handling by ofgicials since the pandemic began.
Virus  is number oneDiscord The way the president encourages anger and rowdiness among the people
The problems are covid 19, race relations, the economy, and health insurance costs.
Social media, drugs, tech companies, poverty
Controlling the Covid-19 outbreak and creation of a vaccine.
Getting control of covid. Making ACA affordable for all. Gun control
INCOME INEQUALITY THE WEALTHIER CLASSES ARE ABLE TO CONSOLIDATE THEIR WEALTH AND OPPRESS THE WORKING CLASSES AND CONTROL PRODUCTION MAINTAIN THE STATUS QUO KEEP THE RICH RICH AND THE POOR POOR BY DESIGN//
-1
Corona virus handling the spread
The Corona virus right now -  I dont want to die
unity among political parties
immigration, help for DACA; services for disabled people, economy, foreign policy,
Covidclimate change
Division of nation, health care
povertysocial securitycost of health carecost of RX drugs
Pandemic. The size and the bureaucracy that goes with it. We approved the vaccine so quickly its going be hard to distribute it.
Proverty
Covid-19 needs to be dealt with as soon as possible, also police brutality and any kind of corruption that is connected to that, racism and homophobia, the president refusing to concede(especially as he is preventing covid research to continue)
Racism and coronavirus.
THE MEDIA SPLITTING THE COUNTRY   THE CORONIA VIRUS  WE NEED TO GET PEOPLE BACK TWO WORK AND KIDS BACK TO SCHOOL  WE NEED TERM LIMITS THE SCHOOLS CHARGING TO MUCH FOR TUITION AND INSURANCE CONTROLING THE PRICE OF MEDS FOR OLDER PEOPLE MOSTLY SOCIAL SECURITY NEEDS ALOT OF HELP
The polarization in the country is disturbing
covid-19, economy, racism, political polarization
RACISM//
dealing with the corona virus.
helping the poor
pandemic has never been dealt with by the President. Republicans do not seem to care.  except for power. Global Warming.  Greed by the rich is killing the planet and everything on it.
Equality- we need to get away from systemic racism!
Ignorance of civic duty/history.  The 'us versus them' mentality.  A working healthcare system.
Immigration.  Too many illegals.  The government pays to much to them.  they take advantage of medicaid; anything they can get free, they will get.  And they don't pay tax.//
The Electoral College.// They should get rid of it.//
Racial injustice
the division amongst the citizens. it's causing the problem of not wanting to really fix problems more of a I want my solution to be implemented I dont care what yours is.  that seems to be thes tatus quo.//
LIBERALISM//
The pandemic. The lack of federal involvement and the bad example set by the current President.
LACK OF UNITY
Covid 19
The economy
COVID 19
Getting this pandemic under control.
OVERCOMING THE PANDEMIC-PEOPLE ARE OUT OF WORK SO THE ECONOMY IS NOT BOOMING SO WE BE NEED TO BE ABLE TO FIND JOBS AND GET PEOPLE WORKING AGAIN//
Covid 19Division as a society
covit  weneed a vicine
Unity, our country is divided and we need a leader to bring us back together in a respectful and dignified way
UNEMPLOYMENT
Corona Virus. Trump's narcissism and lack of leadership.   Job losses and the Middle income families that are dropping to the poverty level and my not come out of it.
right now just the dividedness  everything split down the middle//
covid and Denocrats and Republicans in fighting
i think a major problem we will face is devision. this country has already been divided and now with Biden becomong president it will be 10 times worse. it will no longer be a safe place to live.
the fighting of democrats and republicans.
proverty, as well as racism
FAILING OF LEADERSHIP ON COVID
lack of equality
A lot of corrupt officials--Federal, State and even corporate. People that we have in office, I know they're not doing their job as they should be.  Theres's more corrupt business going on.  Doing what they can for themselves instead of working for the American people. They're just corrupt across the board.  Congress, Senate and even in business.//
presidential election.  cheating to get a certain person or party elected.
At this time covid. Coming together as one national not divided. getting people back to work in a safe matter. getting some help to those who need it
Economy (p) Its not doing well with the pandemeic I dont think we are going to be in good shape for while//
education structure
The Pandemic
Equality, I think we need to learn how to love every one the same and treat everyone with respect no matter the circumstances
COVID. THERE IS STILL A LOT OF STATES SHUT-DOWN.
POLITICAL DIVISION
Racial issues.// The mistreatment of mainly Black Americans or Black people by law enforcement.
the corona virus //
LACK OF ACCESS TO QUALITY EDUCATION
CORONA VIRUS RESPONSE-DELAYED INITIATION OF THE RESPONSE AND OVERWHELMING OF HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS//
RACISM
The Economy  We need to rebound from the pandemic, and we need to balance our budget and pay down or debts exponentially.//
The divided country is a big problem.  I believe that the organizations, the ANTIFA, and the BLM they're organizations that hate, and (I'm so against that word, hate)  We're supposed to be he United States.  They're destructive to our country; we're gonna lose our country if the Left successed.//
COVID
Racism. That created a system that treats huge parts of the country as 2nd  class citizens, perpetruates bigotry.
pandemic
-9
Republican party not willing to work for the people, just for themselves.
young people thinking their entitled.  wanting everything for nothing.
Getting Covid-19 under controll.//
Global Pandemic
Covid 19
Getting control of covid-19 and climate change are top problems facing the country.
Covid, Nation Debt, Partisanship in Congress unable to get thing done. Racial Issues in country causing so much unrest.
Electing Biden and Harris--too far Left
COVID 19, FACT THE PRESIDENT'S ADMINISTRATION HASN'T HANDLED DIT VERY WELL//
corona virus
covid, pandemic keeping everyone safe
The Pandemic
Political Correctness it makes people afraid to interact with each other it gets in the way of constructive discussion//
racism, police reform, and virus
racial divide seems everyone thinks someone is holding them back because of race struggles come in all flavors its just are you going to fight against it or lay down and cry for a handout.
Covid 19 , American people got totake care  themselves for this deceased.
division polarization,
DIVISION POLITICAL AND IDEOLOGICAL//
Pandemic, economy,
lockdowns people has got to work
Lack of unity and increased division in our country d/t the current leadership sparking distrust and the inciting of fighting and hatred among others of different political beliefs.
Climate change - The problem with climate change is we are heating our atmosphere due to greenhouse gas emissions due to our economy we are rapidly moving to a point of no return where we are putting future generations in extreme danger all around the world due to planetary collapse.The United Sates is the worlds worst offendedr around carbon emmieson ans it is our responsibly to fithg this crisis the fastes if we dont we are buirdening  other poorer countries with first and worst impacts of climate change
Threat to our constitution from far left socialist.
Lawlessness.// It's out of control, and getting rid of the police is part of that, and rioting, defunding the police, not supporting law enforcement, and looting.
i think one major problem we have is the way our government handles some things because sometimes they seem a little sketchy
Economic Shutdown caused by the pandemic.
Encomony
The Economy.  Lack of jobs, money and food and shelter.  Food shelter, jobs and money.//
Global warming that we aren't doing enough//
Economy.  The unemployment rate is too high.  People need jobs.
THE PANDEMIC//
covid pandemic- we must get the pandemic under control, bring relief to our healthcare workers and system, and begin the process of rebuilding the economy.
unemployment: too many people have lost their jobs.  They're losing everything.
Jobs, job security, Coronavirus, and division of the people
Complete lack of leadership at the top//
the economy. having businesses closed is ruining people far worse than the virus
socialism being pushed
Goverment corruption
covid 19 and cost of living and living wages
immigration is probably one of the bigger ones.//
Covid-19. People aren't taking it seriously. We should not expext President Trump to hold our hand.
i think the most important problem facing this country is politicians who are paid too much and bote for their own interesys instead of the best interest of the people, primarily their lack of concern for the middle class.
covid safety and the economy.
THE PANDEMIC
Drug addiction, Health benefits, work force
Covid 19 eradication and support of businesses and general population. Housing and food.Rebuilding all government agencies decimated by Trump appointees.Climate change.Re-establishing foreign alliances destroyed by Trump.Attaining a Democratic controlled Congress to enable necessary reforms and repairs.
health care , lack of equal access
Inability to control covid 19.
Climate change and partisanship
Socialism is the biggest problem
Economice inequality
China.// They're stealing our secrets--stuff that we've made that they're copying, they have concentration camps, they have spies in our congress, and they'll do anything to jump ahead of us in anything, to be number one in the world.//
Equality. I think there needs to be a reset button on equali rights or everybody.  We need to do some intensive education on the equal rights of all; and I think we need to spend a LOT of time on education.//
PEACE
Racial division. The president did it. He started his campaign saying he wanted to arrest mexicans, build the wall, he did a muslim ban right after he was elected, the whole MAGA that is like saying make America white again
covid 19 we must take control faster
COVID spreading due to lack of personal regard for others.
In Los Angeles is major is Air pollution. We've got 3 leaking gas storage facilities and we've got refineries at the ports and we've got excessive trucking transportation with diesel trucks.
Pandemic (p) they are not handling it right
MISINFORMATION, SREADING INFORMATION OUT OF CONTACT, SPREAD FALSE RUMORS AND HIDE THE FACTS WHICH SPLIT THE COUNTRY.
race relations, senior citizens (housing and medical care, especially for those who are independent), salaries for women and middle class, the quality of education
SYSTEMIC RACISMN THE INABILITY OR UNRECONGITION OF POWERFUL LEADESR THAT CAN CHANGE THIS PROBLEM PEOPLE OF COLOR NOT HAVING A FAIR CHANCE IN THIS COUNTRY//
The management of the COVID infection.  It seems that the United States has done the worst job in controlling the infection.  One way to fix it is to do the rapid Antigen take home tests. That way people will know if they are infected (shedding virus) and  therefore will stay home and not spread the infection.  The lockdown is going to cause a lot of business failures.
trump interfering with the functions of government
division
-1
I that so many people live their life based on what the whatever in placed in front of them. Such as the media (radio, the big News stations, social media platforms, etc.) The majority of people today have allowed the media as well as the government make their mind up for them instead of researching information up for themselves. Also the fact that a lot of people vote only for the political party instead of looking at what each individual stand for. Also they are not looking at what is in the best interest of the country.
Economy!!!!!!!!!!!
getting people to come together as a community
Right now at this time....COVID!
Censorship. To me, it's throughout many levels; on each news station censoring stories that they choose to provide their viewers. Through social media some stories seem to get censored more often than others due to a certain side of political beliefs.  This can also go into polls (pre election polls) that can censor each voter, possibly not getting enough of the vote...poll watchers censor a lot of voters from even voting.//
Job security, homeless people, hunger, and the pandemic
Election Fraud...the Election was completely mishandled this time around
government controlling everyday life
Illegal immigration
overall lacking in devicivness, no middle ground in concensus, polarizing time.//
Donald Trump.// I think the main thing is he seeks his own glory, and wants to become a dictator of the United States, and, if he could, the world. And he is a pathological liar, and has an obnoxious bully attitude.// He seeks to deceive; he's a deceiver preying on certain groups--like Evangelicals--for votes.//
undermining freedom of speech
Lack of quality, thorough education for all people.
THE CORONOAVIRUS A LOT OF PEOPLE GETTING SICK AND NOT WEARING ANY MASKS//
Health Care
Divisions. Political parties getting in between what needs to be done//
The pandemic.// (Probed, but R chose not to elaborate.)
maintaining democracy//
The virus.  Covid 19 man made. shouldnt have been//
The democratic steeling the electron from trump
racism people are not treated fairly
ABILITY TO COMPROMISE
CORONAVIRUS AND THE ECONOMY
Division.// Everyone hates each other, we used to be able to have political discourse, but now, if anyone finds out you support Trump, they call you a Nazi, and they don't even know anything about you. Everyone's just so scared to say what you believe. The media is inflaming the country because it's good for their ratings, to have division. I believe they are one of the biggest threats to the division in this country.//
Partisanship is the biggest problem because it affects everything else. I feel like both sides, the Democrats and the Republicans, tend to want to be right, as opposed to finding a common ground to find a solution. And the anger in this country over what side you belong to has affected families, friendships, social media, and that has created a widening gap. We are one country. Social media has contributed to the divide, as if it's a real difference in humanity, instead of opinions in thought. And fake news--I think social media perpetuates fake news--on both sides.
Covid infection rates
Domestic terrorist organizations like ANTIFA and Black Lives Matter
- Dark money in politics - While I like the supreme court, they got this wrong.- Gerrymandering - Works agains the requirement of elected to need to compromise which is fundamental to our system of government. It also cuts the other way, hurting the party with the lock on reelection. Without pressure to appeal to both parties, it opens them to being radicalized from the fringes of that party, forcing them to extremes.
partisan politics well either side not willing to compromise more or less just trying to push their beliefs without meeting in middle//
the division of black and white which will never cease.
COVID, budget, social injustice, international policy, immigration,
#1, we have a race problem. I like to think that the United States has a long term memory problem; therefore they don't take responsibility for their history, and their treatment of African Americans.//
rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer
THE PANDEMIC
china
We are so divided
Crime. money, fairness.
Media all they dio is throw commerial about fear factors
COVID-19, no federal level coordination, States are all doing their own thing.
racism//
JOB SITUATION
covid. I feel that we dont have 100% compliance and we dont have national guidelines.  Tump did not set any national guidelines.  he did nothing//
just thinks a mess , its all kayos //
corona virus is so out of control because the president handled it poorly
Donald Trump. He is like exposing weaknesses in democracy. i feel he is causing rifts in society. He is making people question reality.
Coronavirus i think that if we had acted more rapidly like President Trump communicating asking communicating with other people help to figue out what to do we would have more people alive now//
The biggest problem is Trump and all he stands for. He's ignited hate and made it acceptable to be a bigot, racist, xenophobe and misogynist. He's gaslighted a nation and is trying to destroy journalism and freedom of the press. I can't say enough bad things about him.
covidcountry so dividedthe way other countries see us now under trump leadership(negative)
Economics.// Distribution of wealth.
pandamic
Lazy, incompetent government officials at every level who fail to put service to CITIZENS andtheir position(s), and the good of the country, state, county, city, etc. as their priority.
Mich McConnel he has to much controll
COVID 19
VOTER FRAUD
Illegal immigation (P) we need to secure our borders. people nend to come in the country legally//
Climate Change, poverty, healthcare, minimum wage, and corrupt media
COVID
The pandemic is a problem - people like me are unemployed and cant work I cant sell at the stores which is what I used to do I used to sell subscriptions at the stores and I cant now
BELIEVABILITY - PEOPLE IN THE WORLD THINK WE ARE A LITTLE BIT ABOVE A THIRD WORLD COUNTRY
COVID
not supporting police, bad criminals getting justly killed when not doing what the police order & then being made out to be heroesnews media not fairly reporting the news,  covering up crimes made by Democrats & faulty inventing crimes   against Republicansno one should be above even democrats
COVID BLMDEMOCRATS
economic power in the billionaire class
ECONOMY//
ALL OF THE ISSUES THAT TRUMP GOT RID OF OF OBAMA'S ADMINISTRATION, HEALTHCARE IS A BIG ISSUE NOW.//
COVID. Racisim. Poor Leadership. A now sitting President who continues to divide our Country in refusing to concede it weighs on me every day how he doesn't care about American people. He cares about himself.
A separation that concerns me. There's no cohesiveness and I think it's calculated. It started with politicians and has bleeded into the constituency.//
COVID, Climate Change, Economy, Open Immigration, World Perception
The president that has been elected Biden becoming president Camula Harris taking the   over
police relations
COVIDRacismNon-unity (red states versus blue states for example)
putting a stop to covid
combine the 2 sides that D. Trump has created & undo the damage he has caused
-1
RACISM IT'S STILL AS BAD AS IT WAS 15-25 YEARS AGO EXCEPT A FEW ADED CHANGES.  IT'S NOW MODERN DAY RACISM.//
low wages for the averasge worker
People in general seem to be more self focused, rather than realizing you can have healthy self focus as well as healthy, mindfulness toward others.  Leading to just as important a problem... communication.  Most tend to communicate in this self focused way as well.  Mutual respect and mindfulness are the only ways to communicate, especially when conveying different opinions.  Both issues encompass the failing dynamic of most pertinent problems in the world, many of which are absolutely heartbreaking.
Immigration.// I think that our policies have to be clarified, and that we need to examine the laws that are in place right now, because I think they aren't working well. You cannot allow the whole world to come into this country. Illegal immigration versus legal immigration--illegal immigration makes it very hard on legal immigrants. I think that the government needs to revisit its policies and make changes or adjustments.//
corvid 19 virus
Disparities in availability and access to social programs, education, health care, etc. when dealing with people of different races and socio-economic classes.
covid and homless are the buggest problems right now
COVID
increasing awareness of near earth objects
the obvious cheating in the election.//
The economic disparity and congress unwillingess to do anything about it//
This country's unity. Everyone is out for themselves.
Socialisms , Liberals , Threat oranizations
Economy, Equality for all, Pandemic
economy, income and wealth gap, jobs, institutionalized racism in the criminal justice system, private prisons, cash bail, criminalization of marijuana, infringement of free speech, infringement on right to privacy, infringement of second amendment, federal immigration policy.
Economy / Trade
covid 19 failure of federal goverment whitehouse to provide leadership and facts
THE PANDEMIC
Division: Party division.  No in between--etiher far right or far left; Either Donald Trunp or Joe Biden.  Political division and racial division.
Unfair inmigration
Climate-we need to get the emissions down, and we need to join other nations in that.//
Climate change...it affects every human and animal, the environment, the economy, our food supply.
they’re trying to get trump out of a second presidents term, this country needs him donald trump
Citazens against each other
Corvid- illnesshomeless populationMental Health Population
the political thing is xtream //
literally everything
covid people not listening
National Deficient
THREAT TO DEMOCRACY FROM DISHONEST FAKE NEWS
RACISTS LIKE UM YOU GO IN SOME COMMUNITY AND PEOPLE WILL LOOK AT YOU ALL CRAZY FROWNING ALL UP JUST RACIST PEOPLE//
keep ing Joe Biden out of office, Republicans taken back the house, people going to jail for the corruption
RACISM
The problem about polls. The trust issue about the elections.//
the economy is falling and its continue to fall which will make a depression
The pandemic on covid 19
racism  in police
Getting our country unified again, so we can pass laws and proceed with government.//
Being divided and COVID-19
Hate (racial, religious, financial).  Environmental spoilation.  Failure of politicians to take a principled stand.
the cavalier attitude of so many people toward containing the corona virus
EDUCATION SYSTEM IS NOT EDUCATING STUDENTS THEY ARE INDOCTRINATING STUDENTS WITH SOCIALISM
political disunity
colege tuition costs too inflated impossable to pay off
CORONAVIRUS. PANDEMIC AND WE DON'T HAVE THE VACCINE YET, A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE DIED AND LOST THEIR JOBS.
-8
not respecting each other
politics over helping average American, big business making money while average worker suffers , media bias
election fraudjoe bidensocialism
Lack of Education and mental/physical healthcare
Division of our country //
Voter fraud, there seems to be obvious problems that need to be investigated. There are too many undisguised examples like poll watchers not allowed to do their jobs, hundreds of affidavits stating specific examples, as well as obvious constitutional issues involving state elections. Also, the seeming Democrat lack of interest getting accurate results. There is also the issue of unsolicited ballets sent out which provided easy access to voter fraud.
one great problem is the anti-police movement
Moral corruption prevalent in our government is working to undermine our republic . Too many in our government are working for themselves  and not for the good of our country.
Biden becoming president
To unite the country is the most important task for this government. Biden's team might need to consider to re-use some of Trump's staff to continue the Trump's administration's some policies that a lot of people preferred, such as stopping illegal immigration (not building wall), strong against Chinese Government for Hong Kong and TaiWan's policy. Biden's team need to understand why 48% people support Trump they supported his policies even he is a liar.
Incompatibility with different races; racism. I think that's our biggest problem.//
The Pandemic
there are too many iddues to lost. politics, racism, and woke people to name a few.
THE VIRUS//
CORONA VIRUS RIGHT NOW
Inequality.//
-9
Divide between conservatist and liberals.//
COMMUNUCATION.//
THE ECONOMY//
The electionThe violenceCOVIDBlack Lives MatterSpeaker of the House
fradulsnt voting
HEALTHCARE, STOP SUPRESSING THE VOTE, THE ENVIRONMENT.
racism
Extremism. The rise of nationalism and fascism, and especially the dissemination of fake news propaganda that is giving rise to it.
pulling weapons on innocent kids too many un armed people dying
Economy - Wages need to be higher and more help for the those who make the least.
Climate Change - Global warming
I would say the black lives matter thing right now is the biggest one.//
Controling the Covid-19 epidemic
I think we have a problem with people (without sounding horrible) connecting with each other whether it's over religion or color or just general topics.  People just dont respect people anymore.//
GLOBAL WARMING IS IMPACTING THE EARTH
the economyimmigrationchina virus
Corona virius . The infections rate, hospitilization rate and people refusing to wear mask.
THE ECONOMY AND HAVING JOBS INSTEAD OF OVERSEAS AND NOT BECOMING A SOCIALIST COUNTRY//
A strong centralized government and the peoples ignorance of the goverments overreach.
immigration and border security
belief congress negotiate without greed
THE PANDEMIC//
DIVERSITY AND DIFFERENCES OF OPINION
hatered
REPUBLICANS ATTACK ON DEMOCRACY-DUE TO JERRYMANDERING AND PACKING THE COURTS THEY ARE NO LONGER REPRESENTING THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE//
health care wages for healthcare providers (too low)COVID!!!!!childrens education (not enough time to be kids, children with ADHD need interactive, fun learning. all children with special learning needs need to have that extra help and competent teachers)higher education is too expencive and parents who go back to school need better financial resources everylife matters, however, we do need borders... not just anyone should be able to come in an live, example; covid. other diseases would come through because of unvaccinated immagrants. women should be able to abort if wanted/needed. late term abortions shpuld only be for medical reasons gun laws should be strict, but not stripping the people of their rights
Managing the pandemic, followed by the economic impacts that result from the complete loss of control of this disease. Social injustice is also an important topic that we need to action on, not just words and people rioting in the streets. That does not solve it, so people with voices and means to make real change need to step up and do something about it.
-1
Partisanship in the political process -  There doesn't seem to be any negations on issues no common ground. Both parties seem firmly entrenched in their own belief and will not negotiate with the other.
COVID We need guidence, leadership, HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AntifaBLMNancy PelosiGavin NewsomeThe Coumo BrothersCNNABCCBSNBC
keeping the constitution alive and teaching our children and adults what it really stands for and how they can support it with their actions
socialism, corruption
Most obvious problem right now is Corona Virus, for sure.
IMMIGRATION, THEYRE NOT BEING DONE RIGHT, NATIVE AMERICANS AND BLACK PEOPLE AND ASIANS ARE NOT BEING TREATED RIGHT ,EVEN LOW CLASS WHITE PEOPLE ARE NOT BEING TREATED RIGHT
Pandemic. duh.
The virus is a problem, lock downs are a problem, biden being president is a problem
The deficit--spending money we don't have--it's the number one problem. It's going to hurt the country--it is hurting the country, irrevocably. It's undermining the whole country. We're going to lose our reserve status as a currency.
FREEDOM OF SPEECH.//
LACK OF RESOURCES IN UNDER FUNDED AND LOWER INCOME NEIGHBORHOODS, THEY NEED HELP AND HAVE A LACK OF ATTENTION TO THESE NEIGHBORHOODS
Covid 19, economy, climate control and middle east problems.
racism, COVID-19
Interity in politics
IMMIGRATION
I think the media is one of this country’s biggest problems, whether everything is biased, if anything reported is true, and if it’s meant to sway us one way or the other. Is the media trustworthy, which sources? Who says?
Being extremely divisive. It's gotten to a point that it's dangerous
Primary is lack of right thinking about our history.  I think that there is and has been since probably since the mid 70s an increasing lack of understanding of our history and its impact on us. A lot of decisions are being made based on a misunderstanding or intentional misunderstanding; to give a concept of that is the treatment of the flag, the national anthem...all of the symbols of our great nation. I think  that's what drives a WHOLE lot of the problems and the unrest in the nation.//
lack of unity. no structure to guidelines
SOCIALISM
The pandemic. It has killed over 250,000 people and there's no end in sight and no stimulus or anything to help people.
POVERTY. JUST THE NUMBER OF POOR AND UNDER SEARCHED PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY. JUST RIDICULUS. WE DONT TAKE CARE OF THE POOR. GREEDY COUNTRY.//
Peace.  All getting along//
Covid
Healthcare.// For a lot of people, it's very expensive. It should be afforded to everyone who might need it, and the same care should be given to everybody, which it's not.//
The fact that the media and learning institutions have taken it upon themselves to discredit and debase the United States mostly to the youth, but also to the weak-minded; that's what has created such a rift int his country.  That's basically the root of almost all the problems we have.//
BLM ANTIFAPelosiClintonsObamas
Covid, economic inequality, unregulated/poorly regulated capitalism, poor education system compared to Europe, mistrust in politicians, "isms"
The homeless are everywhere. Living in vehicles and tents along side roads. Their garbage everywhere
Systemic racism
political devisivenes
covid-19
imigration
the way trump handled covid
RRacism. How people of color are treated just based on their color
The divisiveness. I've never seen such hatred in my life as there is today. Today I'm afraid to say anything because you're afraid to tick someone off. When in the service we came from all walks of life but still got along and I'd like to see that again. I'm scared to say but I wouldn't be surprised in the future that we'd have a civil war.//
Infrastructure, crony-ism (giving favorable treatment to people and companies- bribed or not), not looking toward the distant future- more than 2/ 4 years down the road, over worked people that can't/ don't want to research their vote and just listen to adds. Ballooning student debt, closed primaries, eroding morals
CORONA VIRUS
how to have racial equality for everyone and to learn and to be treated fairly for just being a person, with out race,
The widening political divide and demonization of those that do not agree with each group.  Basically, the radical left and the radical right seem to be actively creating division within the country.
climate change
racism, fake news
Stimulus people need financial assistance.
Working class, sturggling to feed their families and pay bills.
racism, equal oppurtunity, fair judgement, fair pay for men and women and also people of color
covid relif
Election Integrity
Climate Change. I think it's going to affect everyone and is affecting everyone, and one day we may find out we can't eat money.  The entire idea of clean coal is ridiculous. We may not destroy the earth but we may make it uninhabitable as we know it.//
pandemic and getting back to normal
socialistic mindset
WELL ONE PROBLEM IS DIVISION//
"I think one of the biggest issues is that there are a lot of instances for inequality."// "I think it's hard to see the other side of the coin, so I think it's pretty fair to say that I think the issue is that a lot of people don't see the issue if it's not happening to them; a lot of people have blinders on where they think that if it's not affecting them, it can't be affecting anyone else."
RACISM//
the great divide, human rights, climate change, donald trump
I WOULD SAY COVID IS PROBABLY THE FIRST THING, 2ND IS THE ECONOMY, THE OTHER THING IS BASICALLY A TRAITOR IN THE WHITE HOUSE RIGHT NOW, THE PRESIDENT OF THE US IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE BIGGEST NATIONAL SECURITY THREATS THAT WE HAVE AND THE LONGER HE IS THERE HE IS A THREAT AND THE DISSEMINATION OF OUR ADVERSARIES WHILE HE IS IN OFFICE AND HE CAN ALSO DO THE SAME THING WHEN HE LEAVES, HE WILL SELL US OUT RACIAL RELATIONS WITH CIVIL UNREST WITH THE POLICE//
Political Divide
federal Government is more interested in Party Loyalty than solving problems
racial injustice
NATIONAL DEBT//
Education System/Sex Education Immigration/ICE/ Womens Rights/Sexual Harrasment LGBTQ+/Feminism/ BLM/ Overall acceptance of people in society/too much judgment and shame Inhumane treatment of people     Gun laws NEED TO CHANGE    POLICE NEED TO BE CHANGEDAND THOSE ARE JUST THE BASICS OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD
Economy and job loss with virus
skinny jeans on men
The animosity, the hatred to our President before he was even elected.
people dont feel safe
THE PANDEMIC
Pandemic--they way they're handling the pandemic.//
goverment issues
At this time, the Coronavirus and the upward spiral of cases concerns me.
DIVISION
Economic stability.  at any moment now it all feels like it could fall apart most americansare feeling paycheck to paycheck.//
Covid
The economy and education
Rise of socialism, economy
covid 19 and the division of the country.
Economy is number and trust. China. Russia and those are the biggest ones.//
Income inequality.
COVID-19 Pandemic
Coronavirus.// I believe that it is manmade. I believe that it is somewhere in the realm of biological warfare that got out of hand somewhere. And a lot of us are dying because of it.//
media inaccuracies
controlling covid epidemic
COVID
economy ,covid getting biden putting regulation capitalist companies ,that's probably the biggest problem but does not help the people who want to work //
Losing faith in each other and only seeing the differences we have. Social media/media keeping us divided and creating conflict. Not trusting our politicians. Our children going hungry, the foster care system, education underfunded.
Racism because we are too divided //
the rich keep getting rich and the poor are still poor because of high taxes and low pay.
THE ENVIEONMENT//
Economy, staying out of foreign incursions, energy independence
Covid. We need to get the covid pandemic in control and we need to get people vaccinated and everybody tested as often as possible. We need to test everybody. And the tests should be either free or very cheap.
goverment isn't helping us with covid so many people losing their jobs people going hungry//
PUTIN'S LONG GAME: RECALCITRANT TRANSFER OF POWER POST USA ELECTION RESULTS IN BALKANIZED SYRIA WAR ZONE CLIMATE AMONG DOMESTIC FACTIONS. RACE WAR ESCALATED- "PATRIOTS" of QUESTIONABLE STRIPES VS. EVERYONE LOATHED BY THEM MAGA MENTICIDE EPIDEMIC 1ST PANDEMIC
Divided nation, unemployment
The division of the country.
Racial inequality. We have a system of systematic racism that is inequality for people of color in this nation, this is the #1 issue with this country.
corona virus that is cripling economy
Covid-19 controlling covid//
Covid is our biggest problem. We're never going to get people to cooperate, our only hope right now is the vaccine, and I am disappointed in the people of this country who can not follow the rules so we can all be safe. I am also extremely dissapointed in our government, that did not take the lead in an effective manner
Divisions in the country.  More than any time I can remember there are verey deep divides as evidenced by the results of the presidential election.  The lack of civilty and respect for other people and their opinions.//
Black lives matter movement.Murdering unborn babies.
Racial division.// I think our current president condones it, and, basically half the country follows that dude, so, it's disgusting.//
covid 19  under Trumps guidance is a horrible disgrace to ourt country
Racism.// I have a problem with the fact that the police are shooting all the black people, and getting blamed, when they're the ones that's in the wrong, sometimes. If they were doing what they're supposed to be doing in the first place, then the police wouldn't be getting called, and then maybe there wouldn't be so many shootings. I don't know, it's volatile, when police are getting called.//I'm not a racist, that's my opinion, and it doesn't mean I'm a racist because I feel that way.
the handling of covid, the mask mandates and lockdowns affecting americans in far more negative ways than positive.
Fear that the politics will become unbalance and the dems will destroy our constitutional republic=>=>Pack Supreme Court, Two new states, Alter or do away with the Constitution. We will have another Greece on our hands with 60% of the people employed by a government  made up of democrats for "life"
COVID 19 THE PUBLIC HEALTH ISSUES
Socialism, Black Lives Matter, Disrespect for Life, Poverty, Economic, Corona Virus
The attack on the 2nd amendment
Lack of truly equal rights.
health care
ONE PROBLEM NOW FACING THE COUNTRY..THE FAILURE OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY TO STAND UP TO PRESIDENT TRUMP//
covid. it has become too political
Socialism
lockdowns
PANDEMIC
1. covid2. general state of affairs, basically missmanagement by present administration3. climate change4. lack of economic equality and gap between classes
People not taking COVID seriously
FIGURING OUT OUR DEMOCRACY. WE NEED TO GET TO THE BOTTOM AND MAKE SURE IF THERE WAS VOTER IRREGULARITIES IT NEEDS TO BE BROUGHT OUT SO PEOPLE WOULD KNOW, THE NATION NEEDS TO KNOW. NOT JUST FOR THE SAKE OF REELECTING DONALD TRUMP BUT FOR THE SAKE OF THE PERPETUITING OF OUR COUNTRY.
The fact that God is being taken out of everything to become politically correct.
THE VIRUS. MISINFORMATION. PEOPLE DO NOT AGREE WITH THE SCIENTISTS ARE SAYING.
social media is controlling and radicalizing both sides of the political spectrum, inflating problems no matter how large or small and surprising conflicting opinions.
healthcare, gap between rich and poor, access to quality education, student loans, religious exemptions tax, dysfunctional Congress
socioeconomic stratification
Division in the country.//
SSOCIAL INEQUALITY
HOW WILL THE ECONOMY BE AFFECTED AFTER COVID 19 HAS PASSED.THE EFFECT OF THE COVID19 VACCINE.CHILDRENS EDUCATION DURING COVID19THE SUPPORT OF GLOBAL WARMING.ENCOURAGING SUPPORT FOR POLICE.LEGALIZATION OF IMMIGRANTS  THAT WORK, PAY TAX AND DONT HAVE CRIMINAL RECORDS
Social Security. I just keep reading it that it can become a problem.  with people getting older the money not being enough or not being there.  I don't know.//
How to deal with Covid and the economy
ECONOMY- WORRIED ABOUT RESOURCES, DEBT, SAVNGS, WEALTH AND EVERYTHING.
The Economy. How the economy needs to rebound after the shoutdown
High cost of living.
THE PANDEMIC
how the African Americans have been treated.  The disrespect for the Indiginous people. The absolute materialistic view that this country has for everything.  We as Americans measure life in dollars. education, health, job security should be available to all Americans regardless of race gender or economic status.  This provides a stepping stone toward self sufficiency
Cimate Change;  I don't think there's enough efforts in ensuring clean air and clean water.//
NOTHING//
Injustice
One problem I would say we have right now I believe that in this world we are moving very far away from spirituality I believe that sin and lawlessness is becoming very normal. I believe that is the problem here. We are calling evil good and good evil
covid-19 chrisis
DIVISIVENESS AND INTOLERANCE
morality a common belief in one morality//
environment, public education, shrinking middle class
Democrats.// Nancy Pelosi, for one. She lies and she hates Donald Trump. Then she brags about her $25,000 refrigerator--she brags about it, and her ice cream, I don't know the brand of it, and it is very expensive ice cream. Chuck Schumer, he is with the Green New Deal, so I'm not really sure how to describe them. It's just, Green New Deal is no good. Ilahn Omar--she's a towel head, and comes over here to America and tells us what we need to do.// Chuck Schumer, he also hates Donald Trump. Bernie Sanders--he's the same way, hates Donald Trump, and he is with the Green New Deal, and the Green New Deal is bad. Kamala Harris, she's with the Green New Deal. The whole bunch of them are trying to destroy America; they hate America.// James Comey, he's a Democrat, he was with the FBI. Put him in there, too, since he's a Donald Trump hater, and he's a two-faced liar. [call disconnected at this point.]
Coronavirus. Deadly; people are sick.  People haev lost their jobs and businesses.//
Endless wars: Both political parties and the US military continue to waste hundreds of thousands of lives throughout the world and billions of dollars on useless interventions.
positive leadership on covid-19 control
covid19 vacinne coming soon
-1
INCOME INEQUALITY
FOREIGN RELATION. THE PRESIDENT IS MAKING FUN OF CHINA AND COMMENTING CHINA OVER TWITTER.
RACIAL INEQUALITY REGARDING MINORITIES AND PEOPLE OF COLOR. POLICE.//
stimulus, people wanting to defund the police, not have affordable health insurance, im on disability social security & i can't afford insurance, i can't get help for free insurance so i dont & cant get or take the medication I'm supposed to
Health care
Division.//
Illegal immigration, unskilled people entering the country with nothing to offer, draining our social resources.Socialism, liberal ideology, that hates America, believes the country is inherently bad.
the social unrest of the nation that is fuled by the media.
health care.  too expensive.  i changed jobs which means i have to change drs too because of insurane.  insurance is also too expensive
virus, economy,
I think division is our biggest problem.//I'm a pretty "live and let live" person with things, but there's so many people out there, that--I believe you can disagree and still be friends, but to a lot of people, it's like their feeling is, "If you don't agree with me, we can't be friends," and that's just a wrong way of thinking. I think we should all be able to get along, even with our differences.
Climate change needed to do something about controling climate  , slowing it down.
The COVID pandemic, including not only the health crisis but also the economic ramifications rank at the top for me. A close second is the terrible division within the country. I am [REDACTED AGE] and have never felt the country this divided. Healthcare and education are also major issues for me. I also believe we need a more humane immigration policy. The outgoing administration, in my opinion, failed miserably on each of these.
Corruption in government
Political Parties do not work together//
economic problems.
pandemic
bidden and how he will hurt the country
Deviosion
Indivisualism
The media, it's impossible to trust anything that is reported or said without discension.
UNEMPLOYMENT
The polictical devide within the population.//
Taking the name of the Lord out of our country on which it was founded upon.
Lack of trust in the voting process and our governmentForeign relationsEnvironment
lack of empathy. Inability to see the problem or see someones problems or issues. Not sympathyize but understand their condition.
Abandoning the rule of law
Lack of Job Security. I'm currently looking for work, and highly skilled and there are millions of people like me and we can't even get an interview. I like working, and I think that it should be... I'm almost to the point of thinking layoffs should be illegal.//
The most important problems facing this country is classism and racism.
division political division
RACISM
covid and political divide
systemic racism, people can’t get ahead because other place barriers fir them
GREATEST PROBLEM IS THE ECONOMY, COVID AND IMMIGRATION//
COVID - PANDEMIC CONTROL
Money.// There's not enough.
Universal access to healthcare. Two big issues in some specialities, not enough doctors. Like physiatry, because o that peopel without good insurance have no access at all  to health care. The stat of IL is slow to pay for medicaid so almost no phsciatrist take public aid. There are too few psychiatrist to begin with , those people with public aid has no access and since the pandemic and resulting economics slowdown, those are the people havign the most stress and need the pyschiatry more than anybody. most physicatrist does not accept public aid. Republicans wnats to reduce public aid.
money and health
DEBPT WE ARE WAY OVER OUR HEADS IN MONEY
america needs more equality. america based off whats popular. they dont care about the under dog
Political Parties - they have too much power demanding how their members must think and vote,with implied consequences if they buck the party big-wigs
getting the country back running again, putting covid behind us.//
Immigration -  I think it is too restrictive under Trump
Health Care.  I think all Americans should have free health care. I would rather pay higher taxes to have access to healthcare and REGULATED PHARMACY COSTS. I don't think doctors should be able to get rich offf the sick and poor.
LACK OF MONEY FOR FAMILIES//
Police brutality.
Racism and social injustice
Division between the different political parties and supporters
systemic racism
Coronavirus pandemic and cases surging, selfish republican mentality, poor immigration policies, overfunded police
The COVID-19 pandemic is the biggest issue facing the country at this time. As a [REDACTED OCCUPATION] working on the front lines, I see the impact every day. Politicizing the pandemic was the worst thing the current administration did.
the division of people in the country
POLITICAL DIVSION
Anger and hostility is frightening. People just tear each other apart. People are not broad minded enough. People have no respect for authority, for the police, they just have no respect for mankind.
Joe Biden/C. Harris
Political division
Poverty....the unemployments, lack of benefits, access to funding.//
Economic inequality is the biggest right now well i think our social issues if the had a working environment they would be a lot less frustrated with the way things are working in this country if the average person had a job i mean social issues if people had a good middle class job is what i meant it would take care a lot of the issues//
The voting system (especially Mail-in Votes)is extremely flawed, unchecked, and too broad. If the USA needs something fixed, it is that. I highly would suggest the use of biometrics for voting.
The big divide; I think that's the main problem. Basically can't even have a conversation without it being an argument, really.//
unemployment
Education, gender equality, women's right to choose, racial injustice.
Unfair elections
Quit worrying about other countries. Spend the cash here. I want another round of Trump bucks!
Unemployment. People are not getting paid
Divided and racist
covid 19 no leadership
race relations. i'm concerned it will get a lot worse before it gets any better.
The Coronavirus Pandemic
Getting President-elect Biden to bring both parties together to provide solutions for this country!
The covid-19. It jusst the fact ,especialy for AZ have not gotten anything under control.
Economy as a whole. The stimulus checks
Race relations
The control over COVID. The other countries went for full lockdowns, and we didn't. It was as if we couldn't come to a halt for just a month to get a hold of this virus. I'm an essential worker. This whole pandemic I have been in the fire. I've been exposed to COVID everyday. Every day.// I'm so frustrated. I could go on and on. I just lost [REDACTED DETAILS] to COVID.
polarized political views.  "us vs. them" mentality
Pandemic and people not wearing masks, not believing in science and we have no vaccine yet because of the current administration.
THE VIRUS
covid 19, the economy, systemic racism
The number one problem now is the national response to the coronavirus pandemic
1. A focus on criticism more than construction.  If, as a nation, we continue to criticize other groups for ongoing problems rather than address and solve the problems ourselves we will end up breaking down as a nation. 2. Overall, I believe we need to take local responsibility for our poor and education.  All citizens, whatever their job, need to find someone to educate and befriend, therefore helping to solve generational poverty.  3.  If we wish to pay for healthcare without bankrupting our nation we must develop personal responsibility and ownership for health problems.  We must develop a way of supporting accountability for chronic health outcomes in each person and family.
job, housing, safety
WE ARE DIVIDED AS A COUNTRY.
ITS SO DIVIDED
I believe a major problem is how small businesses are being driven out by big businesses. [REDACTED RELATIONSHIP] own a small business and get screwed by the government constantly.
Coronavirus pandemic
Racial Divide White equity versus Black equity
Rhetoric pushed by the far right consisting of conspiracies, lies, racism, extreme nationalism, xenophobia, etc...
Race relations
Covid 19 - creating a “normal” again. no masks, no distancing
Officials elected by a minority of voters control the government.(Electoral college, gerrymandering, judicial appointments, voter suppression, etc)
cheating lyeing the constitution
Abortion- murder of the unborn.
LACK OF COMMON SENSE AND LEADERSHIP
-9
Devision
law enforcement respect for themand we need to get crime under control all of that under law enforcement I guess.//
I think there is a lot of division right now//
pandemic,
THE PANDEMIC//
How their handling the Covid-19 situation.
money in people poor need bills paid help
Social unrest due to news media reporting opinions instead of facts and too much government involvement in everything.
Currently the Covid19 epidemic is number one priority. Then  immigration laws and control.  The economy creat more jobs. Healthcare for all.
the corona virus or pandemic
-1
Equal rights I would say primarily for the LGBTQ plus//
POVERTY//
Communist China and their buying of politicians in every level of government, as well as how they brought mass fraud into the election through dominion voting machines (and software).
racism, police brutality, sexism, rejection of lgbtq communities
COVID-19, POLICE BRUTALITY AND NO PROSECUTION, ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION CONTROL, SCHOOL BUDGETS BEING CUT AND POVERTY
Racism towards African Americans is out of control in America!!!!  As a [REDACTED DETAILS], I don't ever go through the problems that he goes through on the daily basis.  That is wrong on so many levels!!!! He is a human being just like me, and deserves the same rights as myself, no matter what skin color he has!!!!
Covid-19 pandemic. Hurt and killed alot of people and perialized the economy
THE MOST IMPORTANT ONE IS DIVISION. PEOPLE NOT LISTENING TO EACH OTHER. I THINK WE WOULD ACCOMPLISH A WHOLE LOT MORE IF WE WORK TOGETHER AND NOT SEPARATELY.
racism.
there are to many to name.
Lack of jobs//
Inequality. Inequality for women and people of color
COVID-19, the President and how he is handling the pandemic and the results of the election.
The pandemic.// People are not taking it serious, and I feel like leadership is not setting a good example of what we should or shouldn't do to get past it.//
Divided country
covid 19 trump has never addressed the pandemic in my opinion
people do not seem to care for each other.  Every man for himself.
to much government hand out for people who do not appreciate the hand outs //
DIVISION
COVID PANDEMIC... LACK OF A COHESIVE PLAN ESPECIALLY BETWEEN FEDERAL AND LOCAL AGENCIES.
Election integrity. I think there was a lot of election fraud during this election.//
THE VIRUS
humanity and compassion for other people
the problems facing this country today is the way we seem to be against each other.and as if you do not puck a side then you are in the wrong.
we need jesus more now then ever
The divide between people. People are just very nasty to each other, and they should not be//
Stopping the spread of COVID is the biggest problem we have right now.
covid 19 masking not being enforce at all times
Racisim, Division and hatred
Economy, national unrest, lack of strong HONORABLE, TRUSTWORTHY, RELIABLE leaders.
China.// Trade imbalance. Cyber security. Human rights violations.// Theft of intellectual property. Attendance at premier graduate-level colleges, and exporting that knowledge back to China, where it strengthens their global competitiveness.//
BLACK LIVES MATTER MOVEMENT QUALITY AND UNITY//
People can't agree to disagree.  So many people lack respect, manners and integrity
Rampant capitalism. Political and cultural divisiveness. Healthcare affordabilty
People unacceptable of the votes that were cast, calling fraud.  I think they need to believe "One Nation Under God"
COVID
the enviroment
Division. Between religious and different beliefs .Also between races and lot of division in the world right now.
racism its out of control it is out of control start showing good in all religion
ECONOMIC DISPARITY
Pandemic, COVA.  well it's killing people it's out of control//
Apart from the pandemic the need for work.//
Lack opf respect for others
Covid //
POVERTY. PEOPLE NOT HAVING ENOUGH TO LIVE SOMETIME NECESSARY. A LOT OF ELDER PEOPLE CUT MEDICINE BEAT THEIR HEAT DOWN CHILDREN STILL GOING HUNGRY WHICH IS JUST WRONG.
The corrections system
racisam pollution climate control
joe biden will corrupt and ruin this country as whole
climate change
the coronavirus is one the most problem.//
pandemic keeping people out of work
Unifying the country as one instead of promoting separatism.
Polarization.// I think because everyone is so tribal with political parties right now, we can't agree on basic facts, and it's caused everything to become too political. Like, we're facing a public health crisis right now, and it's somehow become politicized. The politicization of public health is causing a lot of people to die.//
Covid 19 - It is killing Americans and there has been no national response and there should be. President Trump really messed it up and made it worse his handling of it is just pathetic
covidhealth careeconomyintegrity
Coronavirus, systemic racism, global warming/pollution
The Presidency.  The election...the vote.  The fraudulent votes.  There was wrongdoing in regards to counting the votes.//
COVID
The President is the biggest problem right now, who won't leave.// I think he's a criminal and he should be in jail.// The Republican senators are cowards to not stand up to him.//
Covid is now out of controll
division amoung americans , liberals and conservatives
racism, coronavirus, justice
MEDIA-I WOULD SAY MEDIA DIVIDES THE COUNTRY, BECAUSE THEY REPORT FAKE NEWS
COVID 19
COVID 19
This virus thing, this covid.
Global warming
too much hate, alot of division among the american people, no one can agree to disagree, covid 19, possible voter fraud,
THE PANDEMIC IS THE BIGGEST ONE. PEOPLE ARE MORE DIVIDED.
COVID, unemployment, and racism
Racism and inequality.
TRANSITION OF POWER. BEING SURE WE HAVE A FEASIBLE TRANSITION.
the biggest problem facing the country now would be the pandemic.//
racism, police brutality, children missing
My guns, and jobs. I'm almost retired, so my guns and bullets.. trump saved the heating unit place and others as soon as he took office.. he is an arrogant prick, but he runs the office as good as anyone. Young people judge on his Twitter account, other than his office actions.
The Coronavirus.// It kills people, and it's stifling our economy, and it's on the rise.//
Corruption of the President of the United States.//
poverty and racisim
Controlling Covid with vaccines, masks, and distancing
Racism, Reproductive Rights, Poor Leadership
inequality, racial injustice. they are intertwined.
Inequality.//
Political and racial division.
oppression.we encounter to much and lots of racism.
The way we handle health care; I've [REDACTED DETAILS] and I would prefer a European model. It's not acccessible or affordable for EVERYONE in the country and it SHOULD be.//
I just want everyone to have the right to be who they are and we need to stop judging people on their skin color
we are facing racism in this country
COVID-19 There is not enough...people are not being informed correctly, and it's inconsistent as to how it is handled.//
The spread of CoVID19 INOUR Communities
Health Care need health care for all and lower drug prices
n/a none
People need health care
The election. Because I think it was rigged, I'm very much against what happened, I believe Donald Trump won hands down
finances
unity people are harming each other not coming together as one
DIVISIVENESS. WE ARE SO DIVIDED NOT UNIFIED.
HEALTH//
bias of main stream media,
Pandemic--its totally not under control.//
