immigration we can't take care of our own people yet alone a million others 
The cost of everything, people can not afford groceries or housing basic needs to live. When more than half or your check is going to food you can not plan and save for emergencies.
threats to democracy 
economy and leadership. 
Economy, Border, 
Donald trump and elon musk
immigration, education, health
minimum wage is way too low for the cost of living 
justice system no one is held accountable when someone innocent is sent to jail, close the border. give citizenship to those people who haven't committed any crimes and have been productive in society. and quit getting involved in other peoples conflicts.
a lot of people are evil. And because of other people letting them get away with it gives them the idea their allowed to do anything so bad people deserve to die. Or try make them suffer in the worst ways imaginable.
Hatred toward LGT,  Communities, and deportations, lack of care about education, healthcare and insurance costs 
financial money jobs housing food
lack of proper education, climate change, racism, etc. 
illegal immigration 
the dismantling of government by maga
income inequality 
Inflation, deficit spending, poor judicial appointments, shoring up Medicare and social security, Rx costs.
Handouts allowing people to stay at home and collect money when they could be working. 
Economic Inequality, Impending climate catastrophe, Fascism, Imperialism, the Military-Industrial Complex, Big Tech, Big Pharma, Foreign Influence, Radicalization of Federal Judges/The Supreme Court, Declining standard of living and dollar value, Selling out of future generations to fund Social Security and other Retirement programs from which we will never reap the benefits, Invasive Species, Wildfires, Christian Nationalism, and MORE!
Disconnect between Ultra conservative" lawmakers and the people they are supposed to represent"
economy inflation is very high
economics and illegal immigration
Threat to democracy, Climate change, Conflict in Ukraine/  Middle-east / Sudan / sub-saharan Africa
health insurance, social security and education
prioritizing the existince of government over the welfare of humanity
With the re nomination of Pres. elect Trump, we, as a Republic, are veering towards an autocracy
illegal immigration and the economy
polarization, inability to compromise for the common good
health issues so many people are living below the acceptable line of property value
far right ideology
A second Trump presidency coupled with control of the Senate, the House of Representatives and the Supreme Court.
The southern border 
inflation, cost of living
health care and meeting basic needs 
Inflation and high interest rates 
as a country we are not taking the risk of global warming seriously enough.  we are not doing enough.
economy, inflation, weak school system, boundary security, and illegal immigrants 
The politicians repond to groups that support them strongly monitarily versus stragegically.
The country will soon be led by a want to be dictator with no sense of right or wrong.
not sure but there is a lot
No border control
the gap between very wealthy and the poor is growing, losing sight of the middle class rapidly declining 
competent leadership
illegal miragrasion
economy is bad, prices way to high for almost every essentials for families
division and extremists 
the Palestinian issue
Women's rights, bug business
Immigration & Economy 
a convicted felon as president and the disregard for justice truth and integrity.
Global warming, the loss of our checks and balances.
Climate change 
conflict among parties

World War 3 happening. 
Housing healthcare
tRUMP  HE WANTS TO BE King.He lies all the time. Likes dictators likje Putin 
The economy is weak.
cost of living tooo high
the inability of the congress to work together 
closing border 
global warming 
Seniors Education Employment Housing 
10-14 yr old young females committing suicide at alarming rates
inflation, housing cost and medical insurance 
gun control, global warming
Inflation, Wage gap, Movement to the far right, authoritarianism 
i don't voice my opinion on politics or the state of the country.  it is what it is.
Tarriffs on imports/exports
The economy and inflation and the separation of wealthy from those in poverty. The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.""
rising costs, unlivable wages
trump, supreme court
wide open border(no sovereignty), corruption, money wasted on climate change, DEI garbage unqualified appointments, woke brainwashed universities(U of M), Muslim terrorists on campus burning US flags, the national debt.
economy. prices have soared and families are hurting.
Division based on beliefs in propaganda,lies, alternative truths.
Trump in office
Losing our democracy
politics are an issue only during elections 
Trump was elected president
borders, being too woke, lack of religion 
economy, foreign policy
cost of living and are safety and are rights
INEQUALITY AND THE VANISHING OF MIDDLE CLASS
over spent without control
Boarder,  we need to stop all the people from coming in.
SK
immigration and economy 
Health Insurance 
Illegal immigration
The Disdain, murders, and constant hate for the LGBTQ+ Community.
Border Secuity and its impact on crime, government spending, and restriction of resources to U. S. citizens.
social Security 
most the homeless they need more help . so many living on streets an these gas prices up an down good prices an take out is up too
ECONOMIC DEPRESSION
Cost of living, immigration, abortion
US Border and Economy
Donald Trump as he is a dangerous narcissist and is going to cause a lot of suffering (deportation plans, no concern for the environment nor those in need, nor women's rights.
immigration, injustice, abortion 
Threat to democracy
Economy and foreign wars
Government Spending/Structural Defecit
Inequality, monetary division of society. rich versus poor. 
federal debt, unaffordable healthcare costs, fanatic nationalism 
illegals- taking over housing and using false information to get things
Legal and illegal drugs are the cause of a great many of our social problems, yet politicians are afraid to do anything about it. 
Inflation and violence 
economy,cost of living,taxes,our government 
Greed and Corruption at the expense of every day people
Mental illness is highly on the rise, homelessness, immigration, democracy, and the economy.
government overspending & regulatory capture
Misinformation/disinformation is allowing a radical conservative movement to control the government and increase inequality, attempt to create a Christian country where women are subjugated to the desires of men, and democracy is gutted. 
We are too divide in this country right now.
threat to democracy
controlling the borders, establishing immigration system
The deficit continues to grow with no concrete plans to get it under control
cost of living
there are several. But the biggest is immigration.
Woman's right to choose
the most important problem facing this country is inflation and taxes.
inflation and economy, wasteful spending
abortion laws they should let women make there own choices
Cost of living, cost of groceries, ability to access medical care, ability to buy a home, cost of gas,lack of adequate public transportation, poor salary increases.
Wealth Inequality
Inflation, crime, immigration, 
donald trump very untrustworthy
economy, division among its people 
Trump, Him being in charge of U.S.A.
SK
Debt, and diversity 
possible loss of Democracy under Trump administration due to lies people believe
Debt, demigods, lack of faith
border inflation gas prices
DEI bias in all business and legislation
illegal immigration
Racism, prejudice, and unfair treatment of black people.
Inflation and the rising prices 
Economy, employment
The cost of living.
economy
the cost of living and wages.  poor people can barely make it
Las armas y la economia
Being divided. 
Incompetent president appointments
inequality   growing income divide is stirring resentment and imbalances of power 
Illegal immigrants and border safety. The price of groceries due to inflation. The use of censorship on social media. America's weakened position on the world stage. 
The national debt
CLIMATE CONTROL
High inflation and rising
border not secure this would solve a lot of problems 
inflation. the cost of everything is very high to live. 
Government spending, gender ideology, immigration process
Environment issues, Jerrymandering, immigration reform, poor budget oversight
Need to control  and patrol the border!
Immigration has been a significant issue for many years and our government has done very little to address the issues
trump is the biggest problem
The immigration crisis is number one, doing business with our enemies is #2, ending schemes to enrich government friends/families is 3.  Green new scam, military industrial complex etc. 
war,immigration,clean drinking water 
joe bidon just dont think he has done much
Immigration and economic
government reform 
Two party system and greed. 
Another Trump presidency wanting to be a Dictator.
Cost of living is extremely high and I feel like most people can not survive in this society. 
wealth gap. unaffordable health care and medicine. anything conservative 
/a
economy everything cost too much the cost of living is more than a person can pay making minimum wage a single person cannot survive living alone making $11.50 a hour
health care, education and economy
the support of Israel committing Genocide  
cost of living— too expensive 
replacing the miltary industrial  complex with real jobs that benefit  the world. Reducing  our use of oil and coal.
illegals crossing our borders and the economy
economy, boarder control, 
trump being our president is a huge problem he's a risk for us to go to war  he's a celebrity not anyone to be proud of or anyone you can trust 
Economy - High prices of goods and services 
40% tax and how everyone is broke
Inflation and border security
social isolation, media literacy, social media affecting what we believe and how we interact with with each other, lack of empathy and open-mindedness to new ideas or people 
The economy!! and bring back jobs to the US!
economy, the price of items like food and shelter. wages that are higher enough to afford things 
I'm not liking Donald Trump anymore but I don't want Kampala Harris in office either because of the economy like everyone else I'm hoping the economy improves. I care about poland but thing's have to change. 
Corporate greed - A focus on profit and not consumers. Energy conservation. Wildlife conservation.
Global warming/environment (regulations rolled back), richest people in power, tax system- lack of corporate taxing, broken education system, national debt, war potential
Economy as well as Immigration.  Citizens are struggling while Illegals are receiving free housing, free health as well as other perks.
poverty so many poor people yet we give away so many to undeserved aliens 
Illegal aliens. Inflation. 
The hatred and violence that Trump encourages. Climate change.  Civil rights.  Women's rights. 
fake new. tv and papers do not always print correct truths
Taxes and how they're spent.
Now that donald trump isn't going to be in office, I think it's going to go downhill
spending and inflation 
illegal immigration
National Security
Loosing are democracy. Republican fascists, Trump, very cruapt supreme court, ect
foreign policy including the border
homelessness, not enough jobs in certain professions 
violence  
wars
progressive agenda 
climate change, low spending on healthcare, education and environment 
Economy, illegal immigrants and way to many government subsidies for poor people.  The government should be a hand up, not a hand out! 
affordable housing 
debt, cost of living is way too high for many, government needs to set term/ age limits, quit giving them all so much after they retire, get a handle on our debt, close the border, depend more on manufacturing goods instead of importing them, help our country, veterans, mentally ill citizens instead of giving other countries so much. Quit allowing politicians from being bribed(quite easy to find out)
We are being over taxed and the tax money is being spent in the wrong places. 
Unity among the extremest ends of each political party- also national debt 
The cost of living has become an apparent problem in this country. The inability to be able to afford a steady foothold in financial stability from homeownership. The inability to save for retirement in any meaningful way is a problem. 
It's not right what this man is prioritizing when he gets sworn in. Other countries don't fear him so much. We are seeing inflation from past tariffs and the sink hole he put us in financially.  I truly worry with Ramaswamy and Musk being in charge of what seems to me, dismantling our government as we know it. This country is in for a rude awakening with the wool all of these men just conned the people to believe they promise.  I truly worry about our freedom to vote again.
economy, higher prices for food, gas, automobiles, homes
OPEN BOARDERS WOULD HAVE TO BE THE FIRST ONE IN A LONG LIST
Immigration and illegal immigration. 
Economy - too much free stuff given out.  Welfare, Medicaid, etc.  Prices continue to rise faster than the rate of social security.  Immigrants coming illegally and getting benefits from US even though they are not citizens.  Poor help for our veterans.  Too many rights for prisoners.  Long terms for sentors and representatives - need to have term limits.  
Descent into fascism
income gaps there is a wealth gap that is disproportionate for people of color and women within many industries 
the economy is terrible. inflation is too high
immigration, economy, women's rights
The economy is the most (although immigration is a close second) important problem facing America. Everything is more way more expensive than it should be. In the past, renting an apartment was less expensive than buying a house. Now, rent and mortgage are both exorbitantly overpriced. This is only one example. It's ridiculous.
We are looking for a political solution to a spiritual problem...GOoD vs (d)Evil.
cost of living. high food prices, overall everything is more expensive than it was 4 years ago
economy and racial division as well as plain ignorance when it comes to anything sensible many peoples view is based on emotion
the incoming corrupt president & his cabinet
corruption and the government helping the rich becoming more rich and powerful 
I'm worried when Trump takes office he is going to ruin us the people when he gets done punishing people he don't like, in the government. Which he has said his 1st. day. 
women's health, affordable childcare, gun control and safety, economy 
SK
immigration 
high prices on living commodies
poverty, housing cost, cost of living, wages
c country is too divided 
immigration - too many illegals and we need to control the borders
Terrible ongoing environmental degradation (causing both Biodiversity and Climate crises and social injustices especially to indigenous people, BIPOC, poor and other species.)
wealth gap in the poor, middle class, and rich
Racism.  Poor Economy.
Illegal immigration
women's right to abortion
I DO NOT THINK THAT THERE ARE MORE PROBLEMS FACING THIS COUNTRY. 
Economy everything is getting to expensive
Russia/Ukraine war will probably spill over into Europe and NATO
Lack of family values
illegal immigration
Debt - inability to awknowledge and do anything to try and solve the problem of our debt.
Hatred, painting everyone of the same race, color, religion with the same brush
Raising cost of living
I feel abortion is one of the most morally abhorrent things our civilization accepts
Climate change, Severe weather events related to climate changes are straining our emergency funds.
threat to democracy 
economy The high price of living and they cannot control big business house over it
Failure to take care of all veterans 
The expansion of executive power (the presidency)
inflation creating financial hardships on families
poverty 
illegal aliens 9 they follow no rules), crime, inflation (I'm on a fixed income)
Obviously lack of education. Racism, misogyny and homophobia.
Illegal Immigration, Open Borders.
Greed, inhumanity, selfishness 
Perversion of democracy by the president elect
security, secure our borders, the economy. democracy 
Drugs-illegal; cost of prescriptions for seniors
we need universal healthcare
Corruption in all branches of federal government 
Immigration is uncontrolled
borders and immigrants
illegal Immigration-boarder patrol, 
 Immigration; too many people entered into the country illegally causing many other issues related to that; such as crimes, inflation, lower and/or stagnant wages, specially in the past 4 years. 
boarder issues lead to excessive spending, crime.
The rise of fascism/authoritarianism of the MAGA movement, political polarization and violence, corporate and dark money in politics, income inequality, the rich and corporations not paying their fair share of taxes
BORDER TOO MANY ILLEGALS COMING THRU
Building the economy to benefit the middle and lower class.
Social Security and Medicare funding
illegal immigration, inflation, government wasteful spending
el empleo, el salario, la economía, la educación, servicios médico.por mencionar algunos y fraudes como en servicios de alimentos de comida.
i think the most important one at the moment is the economy. people cant even afford to go to the store any more. a loaf bread that use to cost $.79 now cost $2.19. So when they increase your food stamps by $2.00 whoohoo lets jump for joy. Did you know every time social security recipients who get food stamps get a cost of living raise get their foods cut so it actually ends up hurting them. If you get a $20.00 raise they take $25.00 away in food stamps. where is the benefit in that?
lack of respect for other's opinions 
gun violence in schools 
China's imperialism
HEALTH ISSUES  MEDICARE AND HEALTH CARE COSTS
being divided, some people feel very strongly about things and tend to cause unnecessary tension 
Most people I know including myself are struggling financially so I would say economics is the main topic 
division gettin stronger, will be very bad in the next several years, monetary problem, probability of recession or worst , international problems, non quality people get position in the government . they will decide millions of people life. overall I'm scared for this country 
Crisis in the process of governing the nation
Immigration: Too many unvetted people in terms of safety and crime. Depleting tax payer money for resources and jobs
political divide and lack of bipartisanship
Tolerance of crime and criminals in larger communities
Lack of Leadership
In this order: Potential escalation of war - border security - human trafficking/drugs - housing costs
economy, foreign involvement, immigration, woman's rights 
low wages and high energy bills
Foreign Policy, Finance Aids.  Racist, Politician Lying about Immigration.  Welfare and Health Care. Americans voted a criminal for President. 
Donald Trump, the MAGA movement, JD Vance, Elon Musk
Divisiveness and polarization / Preserving democracy / Holding elected officials to account / among others   
Donald Trump and the Republican Party
financial strain on families
RACISM THERE ARE TOO MANY PEOPLE WHO ARE STILL PREJUDICE
DIVISION - HATE -
economy, inflation
inflation, immigration, foreign policy
Political polarization
hralthcare, immigration 
poverty.   cost of living to high 
ignorance. ignorant people are easily bamboozled into believing any and every lie or stupid thing that comes down the pike, but they staunchly refuse to believe facts or truths.
loss of democracy
lack of unity, religious intolerance,  corporate greed
crime, too high
women's reproductive rights 
I believe the most important problem that needs to be addressed is inflation.
Social divide and racism 
Division amoung our people is our greatest problem. 
open borders, allowing criminals and undesirables entry into our country with no vetting
Massive Number of Illegal Immigrants 
border, inflation, government spending, immigration 
Racism, sexism, bigotry, political divide, imbalance of power between the wealthy and poor, corrupt politicians
Abortion, protecting same sex marriage, issues in other countries that serve as threats to our democracy, Islam/Palestine/Israeli war, Transgender rights and medical care access
Poverty because we have enough to do something about it but the big guys don't wanna do anything because they are rich and don't have to worry about it. 
Inflation is a big issue
Racial differences
unregistered emigrants
Accountability.  The False narratives being pushed.  Unwillingness to see past party lines and get down to the root to solve a problem.
inflation is out of control 
racism
Economy 
economy and the cost of living
Economy - it's so much more difficult to make ends meet these days. Food is over priced, I haven't gotten a raise in a couple of years and bills are piling up. Meanwhile cost of living is rising because of inflation and is the people who make the most contributions can't get any assistance because we make too much money. it's a vicious cycle. 
border open, economy, grocery prices, woke believe, the way Democrats are running the government (or not doing their job) immigration, migrants, crime....
debt we spend more than we have on hand. you can not keep spending more than you make and survive financially
The practices  and leadership  of the incoming  President. 
inflation and immigration 
A lack of support for americans
The economy is a big problem. the border needs revised
everything the generation is lost and no good leaders to follow
The economy and inflation has increased, as well as the interest rates keep climbing, charges on credit card fees made on payment at restaurants.
The economy, prices of groceries, rent, bills, etc are out of control.
police, corrupt courts and judges. Why do  non violent, drug offenders get more time than child mollestors sexual and.otjer viokent crominals it.doesnt make sense.
economy ( under Biden the cost of living is high and I do not like how he has handled it under his Presidency term) 
poverty Not a living wage or jobs that give pride or respect. Unaffordable housing, child care, education.
prices. Everything is just to expensive. living day to day is extremely hard. between paying bills, and buying groceries, it's near impossible. we either go hungry, or go without power/or other necessities.
The government is broken, they are not listening to the people they are suppose to govern.
education and environment
abortion rights, Economy in that order
illegal immigrants 
stopping Maga 
Unelected Bureaucrats and Foreign Lobbyists 
immigration - my money should not go to them 
rampant crime, National Debt 
economic rise, everything is just so expensive & job won't raise the pay
The possible loss of our democracy, women's right to their bodies, the economic collapse if these tariffs are implemented, to list a few.  
idk idk idk
This country's in deep troubles by the ways JB&KH handle.
The inflation that has impacted the lives of many Americans and has sunk the Economy as a whole 
Partisan politics
Inability to have intelligent and informed discussions about contentious issues 
Racism, Homophobia, Attacks on women bodies as well as the medical community, a rapist, convicted felon and twice impeached man is about to be president, lack of general qualifications for people to hold public office, attacks on education. 
Economy and insurance rates
The National Debt is atrocious.  Along with that, politicians have run rampant with ignoring rules and laws.
dysfunctional politics leads to an inability to accomplish real foreign policy or counter climate change 
the economy/jobs and China both econonmical and militarily
the division created by the two major parties. 
border security and foreign affairs
poverty, groceries are so expensive. I'm paying about 400 a week for a family of [REDACTED DETAILS]. 
INFLATION AND THE COST OF GROCERIES, HEALTHCARE AND HOUSING.
Homelessness and wide disparity between the rich and poor.
inflation, open borders, national debt
Consumption and destruction of this country by the Wealthy and Military Industrial Complex.
Trump's policies
Immigration and Inflation 
economy is terrible. Including interest rates, food, gas, rent, automobiles. Everything really is out of control.
project 2025 Donald Trump
Inflation, crime, open border, terrible foreign policy, division, corruption
Illegal immigration
illegals immigration, national security, economy
Voting integrity, Illegal immigration, crime, prosecuting and incarcerating criminals, inflation, DEI, CRT, lawfare against a political opponent 
Economy:  I work 2-3 jobs to make us for the cost of inflation on my family. 
Border protection
HOME LESS VETS AND HIGH PRICES FOR HOMES
incoming disaster president and cronies, the rise of fascism, corporate control of media, alternative facts, housing, education, inflation, women's healthcare
climate change is an immediate problem. Woth every rolling 10 year recent period being hotter than before it is very essential that every nation including leader like USA need to focus solely on this issue. 
unbalanced economy
between the rich business people buying what and who they want, and the media (including social) just tells what they want you to know, doesnt even have to be true and boyh try hide behind 
economy cost too much to live and wages are equal to cost increases 
global warming, eroding of democratic institutions 
Women's health and reproductive rights
Our country elected Donald Trump. Wealth gap. Cost of basic goods. Border security. Climate.
high crime. High cost of living.  lack of affordable housing 
 border control and the economy
Money-  taxes, hate crimes, to much power for 1 person,  people who think they are above the law,  WAR.. WHY/??   our climate issues.  Yes its real.
Goverment spending unbalanced budget
project 2025 - too extreme and will strip fundamental rights from many.
uncontrolled immigration
China, existential threat, we must go all out in every aspects to defeat them.
Open borders are bringing in too many immigrants who are selling illegal drugs and too many rapes and murder
inflation, criminal activity, drugs everywhere with no control, social media.
Boarder and economy
Economy and women's rights
Economic disparity, world stand of usa, too much interfering in world affairs unfairly, education standard lowering and cost for future generation, health system in the hand of money mafia, news and media spreading lies, internet acting as spy in pocket of people
Donald Trump, he is a fright, scary 
high cost of living
Economy
illegal immigration
Illegal immigration[CHAR(10)]Corruption in DC[CHAR(10)]Child Trafficking[CHAR(10)]
The extreme ends of all parties seem to receive the attention and the purpose is division. 
no checks and balances
SK
Poor Economy
homelessness, food crisis, abundant spending, attention on things that do not matter like fancy goods and social media pictures. 
economy, people in middle and lower classes are struggling to survive. I never see where they really help. s.s.get a small raise at least 1/2 goes to up price on med. insurance let the gov. pay that not people who are struggling to eat and pay bills.
Abortion rights
Economy is horrible… not for all people 
cost of living and reproductive rights 
divisiveness and unwillingness of political parties to compromise for the good of the people
national debt and govt spending
IMMIGRATION, THE WALL
The destruction of the middle class
economy, boarder security 
border security
I think women's rights is a real strong problem because I believe that everyone is entitled to their own body they can do as they please with their body no one should tell anyone else what they can and cannot do with there own body
The threat of an authoritarian takeover of our Democracy
the south border
$35 trillion debt
economy 
Illegal immigration; economics
Deep State Corruption
cost of living is a huge problem.  People cant evenn live/afford anything anymore. just sad .
Lack of common sense. Maybe its poor education, or just people not educating themselves enough. A democratic system that really needs updating. Too many older people in congress. 
wealth inequality and money in politics
Economy, immigration crisis, security, gender confusion
Education, Healthcare, Green Energy, political/social divide.
Abortion/women's rights, lgbtq+ rights, the threat of fascism from the MAGA movement.
maga, white nationalists, misogyny,  income disparity,  housing disparity,  consolidated wealth of billionaires,  political supreme court with no ethics rules, power of insurance companies,  cost of Healthcare. 
funding the migrants
inflation and homelessness
authoritarianism, Project 2025
Trump, National Security, Inflation, Jobs and wages, Fascism, Autocratic Government under Trump.  
distrust of one another
Cost of living , environment  , and roads .
The president elect.
Inflation, Loss of Manufacturing, Big Business having human rights, Wealth Gap Disparity, Greed
Identity Politics
inflation, Illegal immigration and Corruption
I believe personal liberties are under attack - that government is too interested in controlling rather than protecting the public. 
homelessness lack of affordable housing
Division between races
president is an idiot
Strife - nobody can have a civil conversation about anything, let alone come to an agreement.
economic issues
inaccurate information being promoted 
Taking steps backward on women's rights and freedoms. (I feel women have sold their souls to decrease the price of eggs, housing etc., both important issues, but our country can't see the forest through the trees in my opinion. I have [REDACTED NUMBER] daughters and I am afraid for them.)
borders, inflation 
imagration, inflation, hunger, heroin.
Immigration-too many migrants getting away with crimes
boarder security, regulations 
economy needs improvement 
economic growth, division of our country
Proliferation of disinformation and lies
homelessness which was already a problem and with immigration…we need to find a way for all the people to survive who need a place to live and provide jobs so they can fit in society 
the economy, inflation, and border.
healthcare - costs too much
That we have elected a leader who has bad intentions and bad behavior
racism. It needs to be fair for all not one group
economic maintaining the economy for retirees
government overreach 
Joe Biden has been trying to get us into a war with other countries
trust…we don't really no what the truth is about issues and opinions.
Trump and his Maga movement 
no problem live threw this and see God return
Debt, Southern Border, energy problem, China buying our farm land
In-fighting, Economy, Environmental Issues, Women's Reproductive Issues, Equality, Affordable Health Care, and Crime Prevention. 
just now working 
not following thru
Criminals coming into the country illegally.
The political culture in America that lead to the election of Trump including polarization and some kind of cult fascination driven by fear.
THE HOUSE NEEDS FIXED UP FOR PEOPLE CAN HAVE TO Live in [REDACTED LOCATION]
health care - how unequal it is.  Laws protecting neglected and abused in child welfare; protects the parents, not the children. Legal system giving plea deals and justice not served. 
Extremist Far-Right Media
TRUMP and the incompetent people he is putting in the white house.  Our democracy
U. S. Debt and the danger of dollar losing Reserve Currency status.
Global Warming is already affecting climate in this country
national debt.  if the financial system or value of money collapses nothing else will matter much.
partisan politics 
Economy, racism, immigration and green house 
Our President elect is a narcissist
The economy, not enough high paying jobs. 
inflation and the economy 
The goverment works for themselves and not for the people they repersent or voted them into office.
There a a TON of issues, but at the root of every issue this country is facing, there is 1 common denominator.  
People that dont have a place to go. Like the homeless people
Cost of goods- basic food right now is so expensive,  and their are reasons,  but nothing is being really done to help out the average person with these expenses 
border security 
Rise of authoritarianism
Border Control/Illegal Immigration
Social Media aimed at youths
The incoming president. The repression away from progressive and inclusive thinking.
inflation. price for everything has gone up.
foreign relations
disinformation, housing costs, inflation, Trump 
Race-Red States on map indicate that there are a lot of White American who are Afraid that "TRUTH" will cause their GRIP on this Country to change.   "
divisive rhetoric 
[mmigration inflation
Illegal immigration  
too many immigrants
The political system is undemocratic and corrupted - disaffecting so many other issues and people of America.
drugs & corruption
Illegal immigration
The economy is challenging people at this time.
maintaining democracy 
the boarder, the economy, and WWIII possibly 
A weakened democracy
The economy- inflation,  high prices
cost of living 
economy, inflation. 
SK
Our country's having been overrun by a horrendous number of illegal, violent, and dangerous immigrants. 
drug cartel sex trafficking cost of living being energy dependent 
open border, criminals, Fentanyl drug
economy - cost of living, jobs
Poor economy, mainly inflation 
Economic development
Trump taking the presidency next year. He's dishonest yet trusted to hold one of the most power jobs in the country.
Social Security
illegal immigration
Racism. Racists (white mostly) are getting more blatant with their racism. They think it's ok to be racist again and they are proud of it.
Immigration by fixing the border
We now have a President who is taking us backward re Abortion, etc.  He is appointing people who will hurt our well being, such as JFK, Matz.  He is endangering this country and we are worried sick and devastated!
Some of the most important problems facing our country are the Economy, Border issues and the divide being manufactured for divisive reasons by self serving politicians.
open borders and the criminal element and child abduction going on.
Trust in important institutions
finances, unnecessary division, hate against the police, unnecessary teachings to children 
Citizen's United ruling
Unity: The party's are not together and completely split but Trumps trying to get them to join together.
global warming infrastructure war racism 
border. inflation,  division 
Immagration, Inflation,cost of living is way too high. Prescription drugs are way too high. Us older people have a hard time affording things.
Disunity.  The country is paralyzed in making important decisions because of party politics - instead of looking for the best solutions most politicians look for what will keep them in power.
Fear. Lies. Lack of a moral compass 
the boarder, economy and gas prices
economy, food prices, gas prices, help for the elderly 
reproductive rights
The lack of community.
inflation is too high for retirement age people 
immigration/border, inflation, crime, prices, potential WWIII
Economy, immigration, and morals of leadership
immigration, big businesses and wealth inequality 
economics, price gouging for one, gas & taxes on it
gun control, inflation, health care 
the economy 
abortion ban and women's lack of a right to choose in some states
Legalizing abortion 
Illegal immigration
inflation and rising house cost
I fell like women have been put back 100 years. Lack of trust in our government, local and federal
crime too many people not looking out for each other
There are so many issues, but the cost of living and inflation are definitely some of the top issues. I also think the rise of fascism is a very concerning and scary issue.
Inflation- Everything is expensive 
immigration and the related cost to taxpayers...also the continued involvement in foreign disagreements and the related cost to US taxpayers.
exploitative capitalism
Immigration and boarder security, wokeness.. no issue with gay, lesbian, transgender but I am very much against men in women sports, inflation and national debt
Illegal Immigration
Education access and mental health care access.
inflation, immigration, social security, mental health
Immigration        Liberal Judges       Piss Poor Politicians      Economy      Dept of ED
economy, inflation, crime
illegal immigrants, cost of living higher than daily wages
MEXICAN BORDER NEEDS HELP.  IMMIGRATION ADMISSIONS ARE OUT OF CONTROL.
PRICES  ON FOOD AND OTHER ITEMS
The state of the economy for our future generations
The Democrat Party
illegals immigrants
Fascism, global warming, economic collapse, corruption, wealth inequality
Authoritarianism, Church & State comingling, Ultra conservatism taking away our rights, sending us into a new dark age
growing polarization and divisiveness 
Immigration, The amount of people coming into our country is really more than we should let in.  Also the type of person is very scary as they do damage to our Americans, get deported and then come right back in again to do more damage.
Economy, women's rights, healthcare
immigration and inflation
Worry of dictatorship
threats to democracy
liberalism is a disease that was slowing killing our coutry, but it seems to be on the mend. 
Mental health, and our healthcare system. Inflation. Women's and trans rights.
maintaining modern laws and rights for all under trump leadership 
Economy, Inflation, Liberals in general
not being unified 
staying out of other countries business and try to not go to war
the most important problem is inflation. 
immigration is number one legal and especially illegal. ban h1b1 visas. inflation, government spending, foreign aid, aipac, americas involvement in multiple wars ranging from Ukraine to Palestine. 
economy, cost of living
Trump! To have a convicted criminal as the leader of the USA is absolutely disgusting! He is totally corrupt and classless, as is his family and should not be in office!!
Donald Trump and the republican cult. they are fascists
Donald Trump who is not competent intelligently nor psychologically.  He is a sociopath and is only concerned about himself. I thought it was joke when I learned he was running for president the first time. 
Federal deficit/debt
Illegal immigrants and the cost and problems they cause
The  National debt 
economy.  Everything is too expensive.  I don't know how the government expects the average American household to live comfortably with the cost of everything.  Everything just keeps getting more expensive.
la migracion, la economía 
Donald Trump tearing down democracy
We are in so much trouble with just about everything coming down the road. The most important is saving our democracy.
Donald Trump !!!!!
inflation, cost of goods going up drastically 
The national debt
The border, and inflation 
grocery prices and illegal immigration
Immagration  with the illegal people coming into our country.  If they come in legally and work, there's no problem
SK
Gun control and the random shootings
Donald Trump and his lies 
Poverty, Racism, Housing, Hunger
Inflation, Boarder, Government spending, Over taxation 
immigration, ECONOMY
Inequalities and prejudice 
debt is a major problem no help with people in America everyone is struggling or living pay check to pay check
the imact on the economy and prices die to tariffs
Inflation- Cost of food
Concern about individual rights being taken away, such as the prospect of women losing more rights. 
MAGA republicans
Division between racism 
Gun Control, Women's rights to decide issues  of their own bodies, health care
Women's freedom to choose regarding their reproductive rights.
illegal immigrants
Racism....The government is not fair to all american human beings of all color and race.
Education and women's rights/abortion
Border Crisis, Inflation, Healthcare
I am worried about Trump being the leader of our country again and the people he is appointing. I am worried about the tariffs, how he will handle the immigration situation and female rights. 
Border security and deport all illegals and no mercy toward known gang members
Donald Trump[CHAR(10)]MAGA[CHAR(10)]
inflation 
illegal immigrants
las ayudas que se le dan a las personas que solamente se dedican a tener hijos y a no trabajar y dependen del sistema. las ayudas ó oportunidades que también se le brindan a las personas afroamericanas y que pudiendo tener un trabajo prefieren vivir del sistema. 
no middle ground between democrats and republicans
Open border, crime, government corruption, involvement in foreign wars, weaponization of government
Terrorism and open borders
THREAT OF DEMOCRACY
Dar tanto dinero a guerras ajenas. Y la ayuda a mitad a Israel el pueblo de Dios 
Personal debt-finances
Inflation and over spending by the Federal Government 
divided country
Economy - Prices are inflated due to corporate greed
allt of illegal immigrants,transgenders, gay, lhomeless,law salary,high rent,unnecessarily  vacations  a d more
protecting our kids in school
debt
immigration, inflation, Energy
economy. food prices, gas prices, home prices to high.
securing our boarders and imporoving our economy
Mass shootings, especially schools
People not making enough to even be middle class 
SK
south border / cost of fuel
Corporate greed, bigotry, biblical morals being pushed on the country, and human rights being diminished 
inflation and health costs
racial division and bad economy 
rent increase, food inflation, good paying jobs, feeling safe in our communities, 
Currently the new Trump administration.  They are destroying America.  Our democracy is at stake.
los programas de salud...de alimento
finding people to work
the economy, all prices of everything going up
trump lies every time he open is mouth
Incoming Trump Administration; Cabinet picks, conservative supreme court decisions, Future funding of healthcare, commitment to back Ukraine. 
Mid-east policy/support of Israel
border, 100% sustain ourselves, cost of healthcare 
The Democrat Party and their organized criminal activity
border security.  national debt
Being United, there is too much division.Rich against Poor, Black against White, Men against Women. Too much Division. 
The Border Should Be Closed 
#NAME?
immigration and economy
wokeness agenda. need to be based on merit. no men in womens bathrooms or in sports
illegal immigration 
The inability of our political parties to compromise and work together for the betterment of all the people in the United States.
the cost of goods food fuel clothing
Trump was never held accountable for his multitude of crimes, especially those against the nation.
(1) Project 2025 — a blueprint for moving the United States to fascism
homeless people
Economy is horrible. Can barely pay monthly living expenses.
Bipartisan division 
crumbling philosophy of the rule of law
border security
immigration of people crossing the border
Inefficiency and corruption.
SK
We are divided over everything. This creates a dangerous us and them culture over almost everything.
Too many rich, too many poor, middle class dwindling
economy, immigration 
Now that Trump/Elon have won the issues themselves aren't as important. Now the issues are what these billionaire Oligarchs plan to do that will affect human rights, the economy, etc. Not to mention Trump appointing the worst presidential cabinet in history. 
Our national security is threatened by cyber attacks.
immigration - to many illegals entering the country
There is so much hatred and people not treating others with respect no matter who they are
lack of respect, we have become very self centered not concerned about each other just ourselves. 
1. TAXES 2. Economy 3. Corruption 4. Billions of dollars wasted that affect the middle class
The economy. It is hard for people to make ends meet.
intolerance of others ideas
crime to often 
Economic disparities 
Crime - there is a severe uptick in lack of respect for law and law enforcement agents. The lack of penalties for crimes like shoplifting and car break-ins has led to massive downstream effects including loss of tourism, increased costs for those that do not break the laws, and severe lack of trust in many communities. 
corruption and becomming worse. 
SK
division of all the people
Air traffic control, racism
reality is way too high priced 
Too many handouts to non working individuals 
The inflation, prices going in excess of the growth of disposable income.
inflation/finances
freedom and protecting democracy
HEALTH CARE, FOOD, HOUSING, CARS
deficit spending, mass unchecked immigration, inflation, increasing cost of living, decreasing birth rates 
inflation, paying scale 
Education, AI, Equal rights
Isreali backdooring of US critical infrastructure. (Intel microchips). Plus Microsoft R and D. They have the kill switch to the internet.
economy, illegal aliens, 
too many open borders, lets build THAT wall and then build the rest. America getting to freakin crowded with nasty people with nasty intentions. stop that shit
inflation groceries are too much 
Having Trump back in the Whitehouse 
the border and civility.   
The hatred and negativity that the two major parties have created in this country. We are the most divided we have ever been and it will take a lot to bring us back together. we have allowed this country to spread lies and hatred and so many citizens believe the lies being told. Another issue this country is facing is the lack of education about the operations of the American government. 
the reallocation of resources from the middle class to big business and the wealthy.
border illegal immigration's, homeless and welfare, economy 

The economy is high importance. Immigration and women's rights to govern their bodies 
the takeover of women's rights 
corruption in the government, the deep state!
People need to get back to more traditional values, respect one another more, and bring God back into the equation.  I think the economy and how unaffordable things are is a huge issue as well and I think hard working citizens should have the resources to have a better balance between life and work. 
MAGA Movement[CHAR(10)]Crime[CHAR(10)]Climate Control
cost of living, jobs that pay enough for people to be able to pay all bills
political turmoil 
The economy and the overall safety of our country including borders and national security. Also safety amongest citizens racism etc. 
The prices of our food is absolutely insane. the cost of living is almost impossible, coming from a strict Christian conservative family, I have to co-habitate to financially survive with my [REDACTED FAMILY MEMBER] 
abortion laws becoming too conservative
Inflation. Prices for cost of living and to have basic necessities should not be this high. 
Both political parties are not working for the best interests of this country.
our economy is in desperate need of fixing.
democracy, economy, reproductive rights 
economic growth and progression
government corruption, out of control spending, illegal immigration
the economy
economy!!! inflation and cost of living is too high
Threat to our Democracy 
health care insurance illegal people crossing the border price of food
illegal emigration, inflation, domestic violence, international instability
Overturning of Roe vs. Wade
Abortion rights, everyone talks about the rights of the woman, but no one stands up for the rights of the unborn child, they ARE people too! And abortion is murder any way you slice it!!! The same goes for crime, all you hear about is the criminal what about the victims? And then they put them in prison for life so the people have to foot the bill, it should be let the punishment fit the crime!!! If its murder, life for life, send a message that bad criminal acts will not be tolerated!!!All they do is make more laws that the criminal don't okay in the first place and the rest of us lose our rights or privilege's because of them. 
women's rights. equal pay, abortion
undocumebted peopleventeting ilegally
if we focused on social issues then other issues would come to the surface. like unchecked capitalism. having kids go to school hungry while the wealthy reap more and more from this country is wrong. 
Poor Health Care
Traditional Values 
Economy - national debt
healthcare facilities are understaffed 
The divisive attitudes both sides dig their heels into; the lack of civic discussion... the focus on difference, rather than overlapping desires.  This all arises from a polarized, dualistic political structure.
Greed. Corporations and billionaires can't seem to ever have enough. 
obesity, lazy, get rich quick attitude,
Economy... inflation, stock market, cost of everyday needs
economy, how it is now  on  cost of goods
decisive & hate
The bad border security
climate change, billionaires and consolidation of wealth, affordable housing
It feels like there are too many of who dont take the time to really understand the information available and most dont know how to discern fact from hyperbole. It feels like a small few have the most influence because of their wealth.
The country is divided and cannot agree on solutions to the problems we face.
closing the borders and inflation
economy and cost-of-living
school shootings, living wages, supporting our veterans 
Emigration their will be no workers 
The economy. Too many job losses and people struggling to make ends meat.
The economy. The housing prices are astronomical. Grocery prices are out of control
Caring for Seniors
democracy and freedom 
immigration, inflation, ww3, wokeness, crooked government 
women's rights to health care, women's right to vote, mass deportation, gay rights to marry, failing economy 
Euqlity for ALL. doing whats best for the majority. electing a racist, felon for president
racism everyone being prejudice being mean 
THE ECONAMY
Economy, Woke" movement, crime rate"
Christian nationalism, racism, facism, corruption, corporate greed/late-stage capitalism, poor education
very divisive , intolerant 
Wreckless dismantling of government services
economy.     inflation is too high. cost of living is too high but wages don't match 
Partisan Politics - Divided communities based on political affiliations - Russia and China
combating Drugs and crime
Inflation by not income raises. Division in our government. The new generation who are privileged and dont know how to work and expect things to be handed to them.
The most important problem facing this country is that the democrat is not doing anything to help the current government. Instead of helping American people, all they do is complain and abuse any power they have.
economy and pollution 
Illegal immigration
Since Trump is going to be presed
minimum wage !! the cost of living I feel like we should get higher paying jobs since the the cost of living is rising 
immigration and economy
Immigration, people getting in illegally
The Economy needs improvement.
Treating all Americans equally
Corporate greed as source of all issues (climate change and ecological disasters, income inequality, racism, lack of healthcare coverage)
economy inflation of food, fuel, insurance and day to day expenses
Poverty and taxes
theres more than one.  economy health for workkibg class.  and housing issues
Number one is wealth disparity. Number two is the weakening of the wall of separation between church and state. Additional problems are homelessness, lack of universal healthcare, fairness in the type of media people are exposed to - lies are rampant, education is not prioritized enough, poverty
Pay/salary, home purchase, grocery prices
Tough question. Maybe open border. 
housing, wage, immigration (don't agree with how it's being handled), etc
The debt and deficit, illegal immigration, crime, housing. 
women's rights
Big business, they only care for the bottom line and making their share holds wealthy
Negativity and Violence
economy and illegal imigrants
high prices on food and gasoline
Donald Trump running the country into the ground.
economy, immigration, wars
Border Security
immigration they are not vetted, no restrictions 
economy, immigration, school safety 
economy and how high prices are in the grocery stores and gas stations. Americans can't afford these prices for much longer. 
we refuse to address issues involving poverty, human rights, and equity instead, we hide them and focus on making sure that big businesses and corporations have more flexibility to push those folks down by focusing on issues that aren't related. i.e. illegal immigrants (who pay taxes and support our people and government), transgender folks (who account for less that 1% of crime) and brown people (who are always the problem).
Immigration. Infrastructure
Racism, Classism, Wealth Gap, [CHAR(10)]Republicans - Power.  Police, unfair Banking etc.
inflación ,seguridad
money inflation 
securing our borders and creating a reasonable pathway to citizenship.
Unity.  Our lawmakers squabble instead of work together.  Everyone has to voice their opinion on social media.  Selfish I'm right, you're wrong attitudes promote reckless driving, intolerance, and false-truths.
imagination and the economy 
Trump is now problem #1
immigration needs to be overhauled and the process for legal citizenship needs to work better 
border, oversea wars, national debt
Trump's attempt to overhaul the government and make the rich richer and poor poorer- I am fearful he wants to be a dictator 
trust in the incoming party and what will happen to our country
Christian fascism and MAGA extremism have taken over the country.   oligarchs and the government are too close
The cost of living
the lack of concern for women's rights
The next president
border, economy, crime
Climate change and isolationism.  We seem to be in a contracting period of human evolution
Climate change, without a healthy planet, all life on it is doomed, including humans
One of the most important problem facing this country is inflation as a whole. 
Extremism specifically right wing extremism
maga. divisiveness. social media. 
President Biden & his Vice President
Border security
I think Racism, Gun Control, and Narcotics are the worst!
trump is an idiot
Imigrante 
having a felon for a president, and the corruption that it entails 
lack of cohesiveness.   split party lines.
not enough LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!
High Prices in Goods.
Donald Trump becoming president
1. border control  2. Government overspending  3.  Government overreach.                                                                                                                     
abortion, it is murder. 
Climate change, authoritarianism and corruption, wealth inequality and money in politics, corporate oligarchy instead of democracy, anti-science sentiment, conservative corporate interests influencing people through media to vote against their interests, politicians using culture wars to distract from the real issues of income inequality, no direct democracy (abolish the electoral college).
Crime & Drugs, affordable housing, good paying goods
Illegal Immigration
The CCP - I have traveled to China [REDACTED DETAILS]. The rhetoric on the state sponsored news networks continously distorts Chinese and world events, untruths and lies in reference to the U.S. currently and historically. In [REDACTED YEAR] I went with [REDACTED DETAILS] to a previous medical experimentation camp, and the sign referenced the atrocities in both Chinese and English. I read both statements, and in both the Chinese government stated the U.S. and Japanese were allies in WW 2, but that the Chinese government had forgiven the U.S.
economy, people can't afford to pay for anything
Economy. Border, Crime, Immigration,Government Spending 
Democracy; Gun violence; women's reproductive health (and relatedly, women's right); environmental issues/climate change; international conflict (Ukraine, Middle East)
moving our jobs in agriculture to Mexico or similar for cheaper.
Economy, Foreign Relations, the border, the migrants and helping our veterans
Economy. Everything is going up in their prices but no one's pay is getting raised. It's made it very difficult on alot of people around the world. Especially people that are on a fixed income, don't have a choice. People are having to choose whether they pay their electric bill or buy groceries. 
the biggest problem is the massive divide between classes
Not doing enough for climate change.
Illegal, Margaret
rights of citizens being revoked 
open border it must be closed
A Felon is president elect 
Climate change and irreparable damages to the environment. Corruption in politics. Division amongst parties and people.
lack of ability of House and Senate members to work together. 
Greed and selfishness both nationally and internationally.
debt and war,trump ego
Education- I fear public education will be sent to the wayside.
Open Borders/Economy
The economy is the most important problem facing this country. Everything is too high. 
immigration those who are truly hard working people should be given a change to obtain visas
Economy, housing, healtcare, and world leadership
laws passed
Socialism, Feminism, Inability to fight. 
IMMIGRATION CRIME
control immigration,  big business not paying there share in taxes. lack of support to farmers. jobs moving out of country. one of the biggest is CRIME and groups taken over our cities.. the economy in general. lifetime political offices should be term limits. 
economy and cost of living
Illegal aliens' invasion and children sex trafficking from the border
Their are a lot. Social Security, low income 
deportation just kicking migrant out like that isn't fair
Keep the country safe and supporting Israel
inflation is out of control
Donald Trump's presidency
Open Borders-immigration, Overall Inflation, Woke, Crime
deep state is running this country into the ground
Economy and crime
INFLATION COST OF LIVING TOO HIGH
Border, Crime, Biase justice system, (FBI, Dept. of Justice, CIA)
SK
economic disparity. racism fascism 
closing the border is my main concern right now. getting illegals out should be number two
The health of the people is a huge issue. 
inflation, polirazation, healthcare
Economy, health care, high taxes
economic polices. lies in the media
Homeless Population in America.
The sense of dividedness especially I'm right so you're wrong." A real lack of wanting to listen to each other, all parties.  I'm worried about the so-called Christians wanting to force their beliefs in the schools.  I'm worried about the white supremacists, the lack of backbone of our elected congress, the threat of a dictator and revengeful and amoral person as president, and the politicized supreme court."
miss information on social media, lies about the economy. The upcoming administration.
Trump - he's a sexist, racist, misogynist, homophobic, ignorant man
Inflation, immigration, politics
Guns in the Wrong Hands. Border security 
Crime, immigration, inflation
the pro-trump conservative supreme court
Economic, Women's rights we are going backwards 
immigration.   influx of illegal immigrants 
racisam is to exaggerated. onr border.
The threat of big buisness entangling with the highest offices of government to enrich themselves. 
border homeland security I feel that is one problem in three words.
The huge step we just took towards authoritarianism is a major problem.  We have elected to the presidency an amoral, narcissistic man who only cares about himself, his money, his power, and the billionaires that surround him.  I'm afraid this will concentrate wealth even more at the top, leading to an imbalance that, historically, heavily stokes the fires of revolution.  That is troubling. Also, I am extremely concerned about NATO and American involvement in the same. 
Ecomony, Borders needs to be shut, 
unification of parties. Cost of living. Financial treatment of older persons by the Social Security Dept.
50 /50
minimum wage and the economy of affordability. 
Border Security
The wars in Ukraine and Gaza .And more needs to be done for our Veterans .And affordable housing needs to be looked at .And they are now making new law and ordinances to criminalize the homeless in the USA and that includes homeless Veterans .The Veterans Administration needs a complete overhaul .Still a lack of laws to hold police accountable for their actions. Qualified immunity should be eliminated .And better lawyers for low income people charged with a crime .
Big business driving up prices, misappropriation of tax payer funds, we're a divided country
The fact that Trump is now President
prefer not to answer
immigration policy
profit driven healthcare
Economy and immigration
Border protection, Oil Production, 
Economy and healthcare
treasonist  handling of the open border--energy policy-extreme environmental policy--yes we have natural  climate change-cia/fbi corruption--dangerous forien policy--police defunding--  
Political tribalism
Women's health care
Trump is the problem
open border drugs and gangs
Climate Change. This a problem that everyone in the US should recognize. We only have one earth!
Donald Trump and all he stands for. I am very concerned for my grandchildren and our country. 
SK
The dismantling of democracy and it's safeguards.
SK
economy, immigration, crime, anti-fossil fuel sentiment
Trump - While immigration, poverty, climate change and foreign relations are enormous problems , the election of Trump as president and the actions that he will take are now the most pressing and potentially the greatest threat to government and law.
Disrespect to the rule of law and the US Constitution
racism, extremist views. more divided than ever. my husband and I have a truce that we did not vote this year since we would vote completely opposite. But we are married and have completely opposing views and we are able to discuss because our conversations are based on love!
ECONOMY PRICES ARE TOO HIGH ON EVERYTHING
the cost of living and wages 
Illegal Immigration
health care 
Illegal Immigration
inflation is killing our economy but the problem is worldwide 
Misinformation is causing us to be more divided and live in very separate realities. 
The lack of cooperation between the two parties
inflation and the cost of all products
Privatized healthcare, Minimum Wage, Cost of Living
greed causing everything to be unaffordable 
Economics :Prices on food have been climbing so high.Each time I go to market. I eat less meat today because I can't afford them.
Donald Trump , no core values , self centered , 
government takeover by Christian nationalists 
Attack on human rights. Inflation.
Weak leaders with an agenda to censor and control Americans.
threats of wR and the economy 
security and  stop putting a strane on the school system 
Racism, MAGAs, democracy as a whole. 
I feel like hunger is a very big problem. Prices at the grocery store for food costs way to much. With the amount of food stamps a person gets you can't buy much food. If a person is living on a fixed income.You don't get enough money to live on. You have to pay your bills, get your medicine and with what money is left over you buy food.What little money is left over you try to make it last till your next paycheck.
Economy and border
abortion ban people should choose what to do with their body
Health care, child care, education, violence (like mass shootings)
civil rights, abortion access, healthcare
Creeping fascisim.
hate and division, economy, boarder control 
self sustaining for our needs not relying on other countries 
Economic Inequality
Crime and the economy
National Debt, Increase in racism, Increase in violence, Former President Trump becoming President again and what he will try to do to this country.
hate. hate and bigotry and fear. people turn their unjustified fear into anger and hatred. donald trump has corrupted this country's entire political system, forcing everyone further and further to the right. republicans are now racist extremists, democrats are now centrists. donald trump is creating a massive divide in the world, pitting his supporters against everyone else, threatening to begin a fascist regime. he is corrupting the government, the supreme court, the education system, american healthcare, and more. 
Racial inequality 
security open borders 
Economy, inflation, rising costs
getting the federal and state elected officials to work together in solving our countries issues dealing immigration, foreign policy, government overspending, healthcare and security as a whole.
economy -cost of living-gas prices/ food prices 
economy, foreign wars 
Housing prices and inflation
Lack education and intelligence by those who believe everything on the internet, who are coincidentally the people who vote. 
immigration letting to many violent people in
Illegal immigration, Economy
women's rights, basic civic education, public education, political funding, misinformation
Women's right to chose. Clear separation of church and state. 
dictatorship,abortion, economy 
Where do I start. The president is creating turmoil and divide within the US and the world... it's scary.
Housing costs, childcare, healthcare costs
immigration and border control 
economy, prices of food, gas, and prescriptions.
wealth inequality 
Donald Trump and his policies and appointments to Major positions. 
rising inflation 
Economy and devaluation of the dollar
radicaluzation of the right
Economy - we are paying too much for general living expenses 
The lack of actual education. The bias propaganda they push is not education.
Climate change denial
The biggest problem is dysfunctional government.
Extreme inequality
Democracy. Following the due process established by the U.S. Constitution and the established three branches of government.
the border and criminals coming into this country;  Black Lives Matter making  prejudices much worse; companies moving over seas and taking jobs away from people in our country
economic growth, illegal immigration, high unemployment 
Economy, dependent on other countries 
immigrants are taking over 
Lack of bipartisanship
No integrity of one's word, greed, corruption,crime, 
abortion, the 1% club squeezing the life out of the working class, womens' rights, racial injustice, climate change, TV host" government officials, transgender and what rights they should have, how expensive everything will get due to tariffs"
Inflation, immigration, foreign wars
more politicians unrest and the ability of each party to come to middle of the road agreements
finances. gas prices, abortion
foreign policy: ukraine/russia, israel, china encroachment
lack of keadersbo
women's rights to reproductive care and decisions about their bodies and  k-12 education 
Economy, affordable living 
Immigration and the poor handling of those people once they are here..  Too many allowed with no plan for them. Very serious humanistic problem to solve.
U s debt how are we gonna get out of it
economy, government spending, and Trump being president 
electing irrational, incompetent people to lead this country. 
Inflation is causing bug companies to cut employment and leave the 3rd class further away from getting housing and food that is affordable. 
The rise of fascism. 
technology taking over
Trump will cause economic stress
Trump and MAGA dismantling Democracy. The rise of fascism.
Economics, illegal border crossings.
News media swayed to a political party or group.  Published or stated info that is broadcast needs to be fact-checked OR open to chargeable offense when untrue, and damaging untruth.This needs to be stopped.  Many Americans do not check themselves on what they hear.  Abortion to birth, as the Harris/Walz party stated in their campaign.  Gross.  If a women becomes 'emotional' in the last months of her pregnancy, she should kill the growing baby?  Unthinkable.   Elected officials and their families profiting from liaisons with others and other countries.  Example:  Biden and his family with China, Biden and Hunter with Russia, Pelosi.  Elected senators and Reps should be charged/jailed/fined for personally profiting $$.  This is not the reason we pay taxes.  I'm out of time. 
Nobody can tell a joke anymore without going to prison, getting sued, losing their job..etc.  You tell me what's wrong with this country.  
healthcare, tax breaks for the middle class, the environment
animosity among people
illegal migrations, crime and vandalism, increased prices, defunding police
economy food school loans gas 
high grocery prices, high prices, homelessness 
The political divide in the country and the elected officials, and also the division and fear it has put between friends, family, neighbors, etc. 
Dishonest Supreme Court members!
Government spending
inflation  the cost of just about everything  job availability  
Racism, Homophobia, lack of proper health care, lack of maternity leave, inflation, Human rights, abortion rights, sexism, toxic misogyny. 
That big business have taken over the government. The large gap between the working class and the wealthiest in the nation. The cost of living. Pay inequality. Abortion ban. Lax gun laws. That those in charge aren't taking climate change seriously. 
Economy, immigration, crime, moral decay 
gun violence.  we need some gun ownership reform. 
The overwhelming divisions caused by MAGA/Trump, it's hate filled messages. 
economics and kitchen table issues like health care,and etc...
our economy and the price of goods
transgender rights (equality)
INFLATION,   IMMIGRATION, CLOSE THE BORDERS, RECYCLING, HEALTHCARE, (ESP CURE FOR DIABETES) BALANCE THE NATIONAL BUDGET, STOP WASTED SPENDING, DO NOT CANCEL STUDENT LOANS
Women's rights to choose
The most important problem we face is the fact that we have left the Christian faith as a nation.
I don't know there are lots of problems 
A convicted felon being president, being let off the hook for all his crimes and stacking his new cabinet with sexual predators and child abusers while planning to dismantle every single organization that helps America maintain law and order while increasing prices dramatically.
We have elected a convicted felon, sexual assaulter, and fraudster, as President simply because he is a white man.  As a result I now feel our biggest problem in America is racism. 
Economy, illegal immigration and border security
TRUMP AND HIS FOLLOWERS . We are in a world of hurt. 
bad economy in the US. foreign trade and too much help for immigrants 
insurance industry (medical, home, flood, auto), 
Education of our children. It is a shame on our country that our children are ranked 25th in education.  Our lack of attention to the importance of STEM is a weakness in our ability to compete in the global market.  It points to us having our priorities being screwed up.
economy..
hatred--of each other, of others, how unable people are to work together or help each other
too many illegal immigrants coming into usa
Tribalism between parties, not being able to get anything done because of this
Lack of family values.
illegal immigration  
abortion rights voting rights Donald Trump re election people he has hired to run our country
The economy, the cost of living is going up while my income is the same.
economy seems to be hurting - inflation is very high. it seems we still have a lot of people who do not want to work or can't find jobs since Covid. 
The cost of living is the most important problem facing this country.
Affordable housing, Job stability , food prices
homeless, not taking care of the people here before a foreign country 
SK
inflation, groceries are stupid expensive 
Open Borders, Too much Government Control
economy, immigration, radicals
Economy. highprices for everything
Inflation. prices are too high
illegal immigration , financial problems 
economy , female rights and abortion rights, immigration 
the MAGA brainwashing movement 
Immigration, high costs, and trans ideology being pushed on children
Illegals immigrants allowed to move about freely throughout our states due to Biden's boarder policies
inflation, prices, 
a divided political system that has no interest in compromise to create solutions for the country in general and are not in touch with what the overall concerns of the country are. they are to busy competing with each other for there own political gain.  They use out right lies as strategy to skew people's views and perceptions.
democratic institutions on the brink of collapse; rampant disinformation; lack of critical thinking and logic; rejection of expertise by half the US population; rampant racism and sexism intentionally stoked by politicians; Christian nationalism; climate change denial; degradation of women's rights; failing public education systems that are being taken over by conservative ideologues
Inflation, illegal immigration, too soft on crime, taxes too high, federal deficit
Income Inequality
Rise in Authoritarian tendancies in our country.
Immigration. Illegals coming in without being vetted. Cartels coming in and bringing drugs and sex trafficking. 
everything is wrong with the country
climate change that, if it goes unchecked, will lead to the mass extinction of life on earth as we know it.
high prices of groceries..homes..gas..and lack of good paying jobs 
I don't know there's no problem 
trump—with Ukraine battle, deportation plan, abortions, climate!, appointments. just trump!
Affordable tuition, Affordable Housing ,equality, 
Economy and border control
I believea computer/satellite mogul influence 
Lack of honesty and civility in public discourse
border and the criminals coming over
The Moral division in our country as targeted primarily through the media.
economy,military,growth of living expences
forest Fire in LA
economic inequality
The national debt
The condition of our Democracy
Cost of living - I am severely concerned about my ability to afford a home let alone a family in the next 20 or so years.  
racism , white people are very self entitled and consider everyone else less than.
corrupt government 
illegal immigration 
women's rights and lack of taxation for the rich. 
Inflation, gun violence, immigration issues 
illegal immigration, inflation, healthcare 
wokefullness, financial crisis,  problems with Russia,  China and Middle East 
border security
Open Border, Inflation and the economy
SK
Economy, healthcare, immigration 
Illegals being invited into our country to take over our country & sink us financially into a debt we cannot get out of along with the further curse of crime, drugs, murder, sex trafficking & child trafficking are on steroids thanks to Obama/Biden/Walz/Kamala's open borders which are NO borders!
Border security, inflation
hate and discord
economy, immigration
CAPITALISM.  POVERTY , HOMELESSNESS
Securing the borders
women's health and covid
illegal immigration 
Immigration, marijuana, womens reproductive rights, inflation, drug companies
Increase cost of living, slow wage growth and continues rise of unemployment.
food prices, homeless issues, overall consumer prices, the rich not being taxed their fair share
lack of respect for neighbors, to many people buying politicians to sway a movement, debt 
income inequality
political polarization and Trump as president
affordable housing for middle class people
TOO MUCH INTERFERENCE FROM RADICAL GROUPS CERTAIN GOVT ENTITIES TOO MUCH DIVISION
Education, or lack there of is the biggest issue. I believe that we must have standardized test to allow for voting rights. I'm a conservative and find MAGA to be autocratic. 
Economy   Immigration   Lack for Religion
 mass shootings
the division of the nation seems our biggest problem.
Political corruption by big business.  Energy.  government over-regulation.
economy and immigration 
opposition between republicans and democrats
Economy, Stock Market, Jobs, Schools
Economy. Biden was doing a poor job with the overall economy. Trump did a much better job first time around.
Economy Illegals entering the country crime rate to high and abortion  rights
trump's inability to govern
threat of world war
lack of border control
Open border, it needs to be closed
Racism, Police Brutality, Government Controlling telling woman what they can and can't do with Thier bodies.
Trump and the MAGA movement scare me and I have even thought of leaving this country.  The corruption and cronyism in the Republican Party right now. 1. The cost of living is out of control.  
boarders.....vets have no care....the elderly
Hate, racism, global warming
illegal migration
war- I'm  afraid  we will be at war with other countries 
immigration ; homelessness 
Reproductive Rights
Economics. Financially, our country is in trouble. Too much money has been sent overseas while US citizens are struggling every day. Veterans are treated disgracefully, victims of natural disasters have been forgotten, etc.
cost of goods and services
immigration from communist countries and foreign policy , loss in family values, healthcare
Where to begin? Reproductive freedom, gay rights, military used to separate and deport illegal immigrants and create family separations, no guardrails to prevent the Fuhrer from destroying our Democracy, having more far right appointments to our Judiciary and to the Supreme Court. The list of fears is long!!!!!
economy and its rising prices
economy, food products are to costly.
cost of living
loss of women's right to make their own decisions about health issues.
inflation, crime, morals people get to offended to easy and if dont agree with how they think your a bad person.  
Division, lack of education, unreliable news sources
border security
INCOME INEQUALITY! Until and unless the majority of our country is in the middle class, we will never find political peace. 
Overspending, Out of control budget, border control improvement, economy and cost of living is failing
Recession/housing market crash, inflation, interest rates, wages, foreign conflicts, espionage, AI, culture becoming void of morality, education, tribalism, corruption… just to name a couple. 
the overturning of several Supreme Court cases that can revoke rights such as the Chevron verdict or roe v Wade 
#NAME?
trump and his ignorant fans pushing back against the last 200 years of progress, specifically with regard to human rights
Donald Trump and the demise of democratic institutions 

Unity Dem and Rep need to get along were all wanting the same thing a better America
Inflation, gas prices and groceries prices.
trump is about to tear the whole thing down. intentionally 
Illegal Alians, who cross the southern border mostly. While I understand that most come for a better life, I still think they should enter legally. There are also those that come for nefarious reasons and they concern me the most. Additionally they cause overcrowding in schools and we do not have the money to feed and house them. Fix the immigration laws to be able to accomodate people who want to enter.
Getting rid of drugs on the streets
Economy is in a downward spiral as government spending is vastly out of hand, favoring other nations over Americans by a massive degree
Immigration, Prices
Misinformation and lies being acceptable.
environment- need to make sure we have a safe environment for future generations 
women's rights 
Inflation / College, medical and food costs
inflation, cost of everything, jobs not paying enough, safety and security 
gas prices food prices no Medicare 
President Trump
war in the world
Illegal immigration
economy. it is difficult to get by. everything is too expensive to afford 
HATE not enough compassion for our fellow Man
national security 
unity, finding compromise for the common good
debt consumption 
unemployment; lack of social supports (paid leaves, early childhood education, etc.); women's rights and bodily autonomy
Lack of empathy for fellow citizens.[CHAR(10)]Disunity among groups of citizens.[CHAR(10)]Autocratic tendencies of next president and his willingness to bend/break democratic and apolitical institutions.[CHAR(10)]Income inequality, especially the ultra-wealthy.[CHAR(10)]
Two of equal importance: 1) Right now, stupidly risking war over Ukraine that for centuries was considered part of Russia.  2) Appallingly bad choices Trump is making with cabinet appointees that are a bunch of snake-eyed creeps planning to wreck our institutions.
Economy, price increase of everything from food to gas to health/drug to insurance etc.
border crisis, tax increases woke policies
Divisiveness in our politics
LA INMIGRACION ILEGAL DE PANDILLEROS DE VENEZUELA Y PAISES DE CENTROAMERICA.
Illegal Immagration
Too much immigration. Inflation. No one is looking out for the common person specially in Washington   
disparaging income versus the cost of living. Greed by CEOs and business owners of major corporations.
Healthcare needs to be socialized
hunger. Americans cannot afford food. people on social security aren't allowed to get food stamps but those are the ones who really need it people on welfare sell their food stamps for drugs I have known this to be true I have seen it with my own two eyes they are on drugs they squander their food stamps they don't need them they have babies just to get them they don't appreciate anything that's given to them while the people on social security are starving in their homes daily doing without trying to survive where is the help the people on social security need we are out here starving everyday trying to survive scratching for everybody to food we get we can't even get weak amir government supplement that is needed to help us live why do we not matter? 
economic, border
Abortion and the lack of Christian morals in our country.
Donald Trump, yet again, in the White House
Country is in the hands of billionaires
After the election it definitely Donald Trump
economy in the United States
Democrats! too far out of touch with regular americans! spend way too much of our tax dollars on wasteful things!
Blind loyalty to party. No bipartisan agreement, only political theater. 
social security
immigration poses problem in that it is too many to try to support
1. Campaign financibg
 Illegal Immigration
Preserving the democracy
The economy, cost of housing, cost of medical care
SK
home ownership, Education, price gouging, cost of living 
Price of Gas, food and clothing
We're moving in a direction that strongly opposes those of diverse minorities. This WILL cause issues that could very likely have severe consequences for the country as a whole. If we continue like this I won't be surprised if our country ends up collapsing altogether. 
divisive politics
mental health and border issues 
Government funding 
democracy,people not being told the truth.
isreali control over politicians in the u.s ,from president on down,military and financial aid to isreal to support isreali genocide against palestinians
Division in the country !scared and misinformed Americans 
inflation a single person can't survive working in health care
border control. too many illigals in usa
Border Security
illegal alien invasion
The paying Taxes
Confusing wording - but I'll list a couple 1. Our government becoming a big business-controlled oligarchy. 2. Women's right to choosing what she does with her body. 3. The country's involvement in the Palestinian genocide happening in Gaza. 
I think it's important make the country better 
Donald Trump's Presidency
I think the most important problems facing this country are partisan media coverage posing as news, lack of good leadership qualities in elected and appointed officials, lack of economic opportunity for the middle and lower classes, lack of common-sense gun laws, disrespect of women, intolerance toward minorities, and lack of environmental protection. I cannot name just one.
Cheating political parties
Middle America isn't anymore. The rich keep getting richer and regular people are having trouble trying to survive. we need to help middle America.
lack of morality, breakdown of traditional family, turning away from God
The economy is horrid and the current government leaders have no clue how to fix it. 
BORDER.   CRIME.  DRUGS
state of the economy, particularly inflation and government spending. Rising prices on everyday goods, energy, and housing have put a strain on families and businesses
poverty is number 1 !!!!!
Far right policy
Economy; divisiveness;
Government and corporate promotion of wokeness
loss of women's rights
immigration 
hatred, conspiracy theories 
The enemy within/deep state
our new president and his selections 
Treatment of our veterans, social security
Economy/Inflation 
Inflation or the prices rising
Inflation, and housing cost 
women's rights, discrimination of lgbtq and groups of color, forcing religious values held my some on all
Economy, Border Protection, Foreign Relations
economy/inflation, uncontrolled immigration, crime, reverse discrimination/woke culture/hateful liberals, 
Supreme Court bias
poverty, homelessness, lack of education 
illegals entering from the southern boarder, cost of food /cost of merchandise home prices 
cost of living (groceries too high and so are senior rentals). 
no jobs
immigration regulation. Aid to countries at war. domestic drig problem. homelessness.
economics 
racism,people should not be judge according to the color of their skin or religion
economy, health care, and schools 
The cost to live is outrageous! Fulfilling my hopes and dreams is very difficult!! I'm trying to have what my parents have and then my kids....their doomed unless they do things differently then my parents did and I and doing.  I am trying to encourage my kids to think about what they want to have in the future and the type of jobs they would need to support that lifestyle.  
immigrants and the boarder 
     CURRENT POLITICAL UNREST
Congress not getting anything done
National Security
Immigration, DEI, Gang Violence, Taxes/economy, 
we need the borders closed.   
1. Economy 2. Immigration
class warfare and divisive politics, far too much emphasis on the wealthy and tax breaks rather than helping those in need.
economy.  cost of living
hungry and homeless 
Inflation, National Debt, Increased Retiring Age, Public Education Ineffectiveness, Youth Mental Health Issues, Social Media Intoxication, etc...
crisis of mental health - lack of treatment and options for people.
racism, sexism, potential dictatorship, oligarchs, erosion of the rule of law, TRUMP, MAGA
Blind Patriotism 
Right Wing Extremism and hatred towards minorities. 
economy money doesn't get what it used to 
immigration, Inflation (Home Prices) Security, Foreign Policy, Economy
democracy being destroyed by MAGA
immigration illegals being allowed here
the economy. grocery, gas and rent prices going up
inflation. prices are too high. cost of living is too high. health care is high, child care is high. public schools are just pushing kids through. Amazon is selling and tricking people to buying a bunch of shit we dont need. social media is impacting our youth and bad for mental health. i could keep going. 
COST OF LIVING - prices are too high on everything, and wages are stagnant. Post-COVID economic recovery has been slow at best, but withers in a cost-vs-income unbalance.
illegal criminals in our country
immigration- illegals coming into our country! 
inflation and our country's debt 
cost of living 
4 horses... the ones associated w the apocalypse
the economy
denocratic backsliding
borders, economy, getting people off welfare.  these people can work but too lazy. more help for veterans. exterminate serial killers.  i don't want my taxes supporting murderers plus abortionist.  Put God back into the equation and everything else will fit into place.
Our lack of border security has allowed 1000s of criminals, gang members, and most likely terrorists into our country. This is not to mention the millions of illegal immigrants. 
inflation, border and law and order
FINANCES MONEY BEING SPENT ELSEWHERE
climate change the wealth gap poverty peace
Donald Trump is  going to ruin the country as we know it.
Republicans and their ultra conservative ideas. Tge Supreme Court 
border, illegal immigrants pouring into our country
Our borders, economy,
Illegals flooding into our country.
DIVIDED NATION RIGHT NOW TOO MANY FINGER pointing out ABOOUT STUPID WOKENESS THINGS 
immigration open border
political divide 
Trump and the maga idiots
Division, no clear vision to unify the country. 
corrupt politicians 
CONCEITED GREED WITH CHIOAS........INFLATION....DIGITAL AI PROBS WITH DOING IT FAIR WITH CITIZENS.......
cost of everything
Taxes, everyday prices, worker shortage
the destruction being made by Donald Trump and his team. hes destroying  America and no one is stopping  him
The military-industrial complex and drug industry have too much control over congress and the government resulting in unnecessary spending of tax dollars.  
High cost of living, especially for young people.
Our government spending is out of control
Inflation and cost of living, including housing, transportation, and groceries. 
Our biggest problem is the Trump presidency. I sincerely hope our Democracy survives.
helping other countries, not helping Americans but giving it to illegal immigrants, not supporting Americans to the fullest 
Illegal immigration, crime, inflation, world image
housing cost
inflation keep in control 
racism there is so much hatred in this country for people of color. the white people feel entitled to everything now they are saying they are the aggrieved race. now the white supremacy groups are emboldened 
illegals inflation wars
imbalance in the economy, debt is higher than income at present 
don't know what to write 
Homeland security 
misinformation and the integrity of political system
economic, climate control, legal system, politics 
Illegal emigration 
Many, but to name one would be to re-gain respect and peace across the world
taxes and high cost of living 
deeply divided country
Cost of living (inflation): Electric 2x from 4 years ago; groceries up 50%; gasoline up 90%.
cost of living too expensive
poverty and us not having control over big business being in American and not overseas
the economy is horrible 
Maintaining a republic
Economy, Illegal Immigrants, Crime and Federal Govt is way too big.
inflation - food and interest rates 
GREED AND POWER HUNGRY INDIVIDUALS 
the economy - can't afford to live . food is scarce expensive 
the open borders, gas prices, food prices, cost of living
Immigration. financial burden, social services overwhelmed.
economy and inflation
disinformation from media
Right to privacy
I'm not good with terminology like my husband is but I'll explain in the best way I think. Our economy and the price of living, when it comes to food, homes, taxes, vehicles, everything has drastically gone up since Biden. I don't want to hear libs say it happened with Trump when his last year we had a world wide pandemic. racism is the worse it's ever been since back in the day. not all, but most black people believe we owe them something today because of how their ancestors were treated. The racial divide the media puts out there for them to hate white people and to act like they're so much better. government assistance. There is no incentive to work when Shanaynay from Baltimore has 4 kids and no job and can live on sections 8 and $1500 in food stamps a month using our tax dollars. 
healthcare..child care..war
high prices in most areas , food, gas, rent, housing etc.
Economy - food and grocery prices are too high.  Inflation is hurting middle to low income families.
america's economy
poverty
Corporate profits
Inflation and global warming
Inflation, Climate change, Abortion, Pay equality
woman's rights women should be able to make their own decisions 
tariffs, taxes, wages
High cost of living. People are having to choose between food for their families or a roof to go over their head. Gas is high, Insurance is high. Everything that people need in order to make the money for the high cost, is high. We are drowning as a nation.
How to intelligently undo the damage done by the Biden administration by their fiscal, immigration, energy etc. policy
excessive money in politics
project 2025 climate change 
National Debt. Congress allows too much spending that equals corruption
rents and purchasing homes are too costly...
safety, immigration, economic opportunities, health care access 
la economia, en los aumentos de todo, la gasolina variando el precio, la renta de vivienda, la inducumentacion ver tantas personas sin trabajo, el robo, la delincuencia, el odio racial, mucha violencia.
The Conservative Supreme Court, abortion rights, the economy 
how they're dealing with immigrants and deportation 
Donald Trump as President
illegal ailans, money, corruption, big business, stupid ideas
Housing affordability, gas prices,food prices
lack of ethics and respect for humans
partisan gridlock
Debt levels, aging population, 
human rights lack of rights for most people with the exception of white males 
Trump he wishes to be a dictator
the threat to our democracy
inflation and rising prices
extreme weather events
economy and cost of living, despite inflation rate being down the price of goods and services have doubled in some cases and business are using this as a way to drive record profits.
Economy, Unemployment, and crime
the polarization of the political system 
illegal Border crossings
maga and the trump-shits
economic stress, housing prices, taxes, people cant afford things while others are freeloading and costing others livelihood we give away too much money to people who  are having multiple children and not paying for them or their mistakes 
Dismantling of democracy. The buildup toward autocracy/oligarchy. Ruling by the few over the many
Inflation; lack of rigor in schools; decline in health and communication skills for youth
problem is Trump
Donald Trump, JD Vance, Trump's proposed Cabinet members, WW3
The Economy!! The Price's on Everything and the worst thing is that it takes two people to be employed, it's to hard to actually make end's meet working paycheck to paycheck. Then you have to decide on having dinner on the table, with all the utilities you have to pay or the medical attention you need. Not to mention all the Taxes on everything have skyrocketing!!!!
The division and hateful behavior of the American people. 
Education and the lack thereof - people are using less critical thinking and more consuming of quick and probably wrong information
Financial stability for the every day person. Ex housing, food prices/quality etc
wealth gap between CEOs/management and working class people
At this point I think the biggest problem is that political parties have lost the objective: they care more about winning and less about policy. Over and over again we see parties put themselves and their members ahead of country or even good policy. Political parties are the biggest problem. Cult of personality is closely related. After those two, our biggest problem is the rolling back of social justice policies - rolling back protections and freedoms for Americans rather than protecting or expanding freedoms. 
Border, Economy and deficit
USA ours peoples. 
la seguridad 
Healthcare access
political polarization and misinformation 
inflation too many high prices and price fixing
Right now, the biggest problem facing this country is Donald Trump.  He will have unbridled power and looks upon himself as a king/dictator. He wants to appoint loyalists to the most important positions in the country for which they are not qualified, which is dangerous. I think the lack of abortion access and related health issues for women is the second most important problem.  Trump will harm this country for years to come in ways that we haven't even imagined yet.
no unity. the U S is severely split between Republican and Democrat. like a terrible civil war may be coming.
Trump is the biggest problem and those idiots that voted for him.  Neither democrats nor Republicans think rationally. 
The division within the country over political parties and their agendas
high cost of living
Currently the most important issue is the rising costs. This primarily hurts the poor and is making it difficult to live in the lower and middle class.
Woke movements 
Inflation, border security, energy independence, crime.
immigration, moral decline, inflation, corruption in government 
We have a huge immigration problem.  Our lack of security at the border is encouraging record high rates of illegal immigration 
immigration, supporting those here illegally 
Political polarization. It seems we live in two different countries. 
Womens reproductive rights,  
inferstructure- roads, bridges,
climate change and the increase in intensity of storms
nada en español 
Healthcare, Geopolitics, housing costs, infrastructure failing
inflation, illegal immigration, endless support of wars, supporting World economic forum, We need term limits for all politicians, Judicial system has become Weaponized, needs to be laws against lobbying. 
inflation makes it impossible for seniors to truly retire
illegal immigrants, debt, taxes, transgender 
inflation cost of living
corrupt political leaders, border security, increased cost for health
Racism, cost of living, everything is so expensive,  
immigration and womens issues
Donald Trump!!!
poverty and the price of housing being so high no one can afford to live anywhere
Economy, inflation really got out of control[CHAR(10)]Border, same thing, been a problem for too long, something has to be done to improve it
High cost of living (groceries on the top of the list), taxes (property on the top of the list), interest rates (credit cards on the top of the list), immigration (out of control), crime (petty, thievery), lack of unity.
money in politics
treat to democracy and economy/inflation
unity education economics 
Sexism & Racism  
border with the illegals coming in not properly don't know what more you want here 

MAGA, Trump embarrassing to have an idiot 
Secure Border & Inept Congress, 
economy and taxes 
illegal aliens economy crime
Reproductive rights, climate change, polarization, lawlessness, Supreme Court ethical and moral code of behavior
inflation of cost of living
poor leadership
lack of jesus christ and christian values
MIGRACION PONER REGLAS PARA LA MIGRACION
divide / lots of misinformation...democracy
economy, people can't afford to live
economy, illegal immigration, DEI, woke-ism, 
concern that our democratic government will be subverted
I do not like who our president elect represents. I wanted someone who is well respected, educated, and is well-spoken, thoughtful, and respectful. Trump has made a mockery of what our country's leader should embody. 
Homelessness, its hurtful that we can't build enough affordable housing for people to live. We should not have people living on the streets begging for food at end of streets. This is America, make it great so you claim.
Democracy ending
Inflation, gun violence, affordable healthcare, climate change, quality of K-12 education, and the ability for Dems and Reps to work together 
corruption and incompetence of MAGA people
National Security
open borders and the justice system need to uphold the law and constitution 
la economía esta muy bajo y todo esta muy caro
The concentration of wealth at the top.
inflation, can't afford anything anymore 
cost of living is insane with inflation 
THE BORDER-ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS
economics because it's important 
economy-inflation, immigration, democracy with new president, cost of housing
Inflation, AI, climate crisis, drugs, terrorism, 
Political Division 
The division between political parties is so extreme, politicians need term limits, obesity and mental health crisis
Cost of living-rising price of homes, health care, groceries
Illegal immigration
the economy
The Border
migrants economy impending war
Gender Confusion,  Racism , Social media influencers" "
loss of our liberty/independence
Wealth inequality
Inflation, Foreign Affairs and the Border
Abortion, teaching children about being gay, drug use, crime,
SK
imagined social problems driving policy and attention, taking resources and eyes away from hostile foreign nations
corrupt mainstream media
inflation high hurting seniors and low income people. 
inflation and the cost of living on the middle and lower classes
economy/inflation
special interest groups
Fascism/Authoritarianism
Climate Religion 
inflation - prices have doubled and tripled this will lead to famine
Foreign policy, government spending, inflation and the border
I believe that the open border has caused so many people to enter that our economy is being ruined because of it. I do believe it should be easier to enter legally and become a citizen. But to give people already breaking the law funds while we have so many people that served this country living in the streets
Infatuation, the border, security and values
moral decline number of Americans who no longer recognize the reality of God. no longer one nation under God
Future changes that may directly impact education programs and concerns about dealing with global climate change.
economy and immigration
greed many higher members of senate and congress and even higher up have lost touch completely with how we common people (whom they are supposed to represent) actually gave to live. they have government cars, gas accounts, expense accounts that we pay for and still manage to make more, more money. 
Misinformation!!
1.political division 2. immigration 3.the economy
anxiety and depression and the way people are dealing with it. 
inflation with home means higher taxes
ILLEGAL IMIGRATION
inflation is a concern that needs to be addressed.
Economic, debt, involving wars non of YS business, illegal immigrates
Homelessness, Human Trafficing, Healthcare, SSI and Medicare
equal rights for everyone
polarization - division in society
Political divisiveness
misinformation leading to division of the people
getting rid of MAGA movement and putting Trump in prison
economy/cost of living
gun control
economy things are very expensive
economy and open borders
racismo y prejuicio. mucha diferencia en el color raza nacionalidad de una persona. Los ticos cada día más ricos los pobres cada día más pobres
all of our basic rights being stripped away by maga 
The two-party political system forces people to choose candidates that they only agree with on one or two issues that are important to them. They are forced to support other positions the candidate from that party supports even though the voter may not agree with it because there is no other choice. Also, the Electoral college does not count every person's vote equally.  
Immigration. no vetting of immigrants, use of government money to take care of them and give them benefits.  Fear of terrorists coming into our country
International relations
I believe that people are angry, stressed,over stimulated by social media,and lacking direction.
Housing, health care,economy.
Drugs, homelessness, teaching young kids about LGBT, inflation, crimes.
out of control Politicians and Supreme Court Justices
1. Lack of a national policy for advancing progress in space exploration. 2. Lack of a coherent policy to address fundamental research in science to understand our place in the cosmos and cope with near Earth asteroids and the threat they present. 3. Lack of leadership and vision in helping to establish humanity as an interplanetary species. 4. Thhe National Debt crisis. 5. Lack of effective border control. 6. Ineffective policy for dealing with addictive drugs.
Dissension.  The MAGA movement has caused our country to be so divided to the point people have hatred for each other.
Getting that Border closed off and getting the illegals out that got in the wrong why. Harris needs gone and Biden has NO business running this country. He is a risk to people and there family's lives no matter what group Dems or Rep . I know he has a problem and maybe he cant help it that's why he has to be dropped as President right now before he puts us into a nuke war. Obama needs out to for he is the one who told other country's to come hear and we take care them. Plus we dont need a gay President we need a nuturl one.
Trump filling cabinet positions with unqualified people
inflation.
education k-12 , needs to be improved through better working conditions, smaller class size and support of the efforts by the good teachers, retirement of the old no longer interested, America would benefit by a space program commitment to education. Money and resources of equal nature would be a step in the right direction. Frankly, you can contact me for a description of my 20 year program.
Division, reproductive rights, equality
open borders, too many people entering and not being vented.do not know who these people are.
Climate change, energy transition, poverty, gun violence, racism, transphobia, homophobia, misogyny... 
economy, employment and race relations 
The threat that Donald Trump poses to the future of democracy and the future of our country
Donald Trump is the biggest problem facing our nation 
Aiding other countries more than/before our own citizens 
Gas prices in california are off the charts. They keep raising minimum wages which keeps increasing the cost of everything else
division among citizens
economy, inflation 
unchecked immigration and the federal reserve
Inflation. Cost of every day goods have increased too fast.
economy, future of AI, and role in global infrastructure 
imagration
The lack of discipline  & direction for young people & the resultant lack of respect for authority.
ECONOMY the unstable job market and looking at government layoffs
Division in America 
higher prices for goods, and salaries are not rising to cover them
border, economy, inflation
False information that misrepresents facts.
Corruption of democracy from Russia and Christian Fundamentalists
I think that most people in this country would agree that our economy is failing. I think that the root of this issue is big corporations. On a global level, the most important issue is climate change.
maga movement is rolling back protections for minorities
Border, Fentanyl, inflation, Voter I.D, Schools, woke military  
Cost of living/inflation
the biggest most important problem facing this country... trump. this country is about to be dismantled.
DONALD TRUMP    HE SHOULD BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR HIS ACTIONS. EVERYONE SHOULD QUIT KISSING HIS ASS. HE  IS A TERRIBLE PERSON. HE SHOULD NOT BE LEADING OUR COUNTRY
Division. This country is separating people because of inhumane choices.
climate change/sever weather conditions worsening, racism and sexism are the worst issues. along with corporations being treated as people and we are not caring for our people like we should. the American people are not getting the healthcare they deserve or the support they need from their government. our population is aging and there is going to be an issue with caring for them if we don't start making changes. 
abortion rights
border and inflation 
grocery prices are high and illegals
Losing Women's rights, Women's Healthcare (abortion rights), Anger and Hate
Sexism and racism
Economy - inflation, cost of housing, food and gas prices are crippling
imigration letting people cross the border
environment, healthcare, loss of freedom/rights 
PEOPLE NOT STICKING TOGETHER
we are one of the wealthiest nations in the world! yet Americans are struggling to pay rent and basic needs and a lot of us are working more than 40 hours a week. 
wealth disparity
Illegal immigration
1984 is here. i have no idea of the long-term implications, but the masses seem to be thououghly enjoying themselves. 
Debt. Ending forever wars. Illegal immigration.
immigration, inflation
the biggest problem facing this country would be the economy because people are struggling to at their bills. 
Racism, we are a single species on this planet 
Economy (cost-of-living not in sync with wages)
Abortion/ War/ LGTBQ environment
Inflation - most Americans are faced with the struggle to provide because the cost of living is higher than the wages earned.
The economy and the border crisis
Lack of following God/Jesus's will. Love God and others as yourself. That would sum up all problems
immigration concerned about the safety for our country
I believe the biggest problem is the vulnerability of our democracy; I don't think most people fully understand the current threat.
SK
Gun crimes-criminals can too easily obtain and use guns which are often semi-automatic causing more deaths.
Social justice and economic inequality for many Americans (access to a decent living) includes:health care, housing, education, healthy food, social supports)
Disunity, too much division, not working together on problems.
Inflation is too high 
 the economy of our nation is a concern to me
misogyny, climate, inequality,
Getting Donald Trump out of politics
border crossing
illegal immigration, spending and to much regulation 
Inflation & the Economy
the out look of the budget
Division of citizens along political lines
Human rights are being threatened for many disadvantaged groups
immigration and inflation 
immigration and high prices all around
Racist people
immigration, economy, big government 
racism,  is causing alot of division even with law enforcement. people not feeling safe
environmental issues 
I don't care about people of color
Immigration as illegal with the criminal background are the trouble makers 
Inflation and National Debt
Illegals, inflation, social security
wealth inequality 
Climate Change, income inequality, access to healthcare
debt lack of doing  the right things lack of will  to do the right things  to improve  voters lives 
political negativism ,economy,suprerme court bias, loss of respect for politics in general
middle class has it way too hard to live.
Economy and rising prices.
extreme division between parties. Parties seem more interested in power than doing the people's work/making wise decisions on behalf of the US people
immigration and economy 
how polarized the parties are 
Border Security 
PRESIDENT  47 MIGHT BECOME A DICTATOR THAT I HEARD SEVERAL TIMES IN HIS RALLY. 
anti corruption. drugs and crime. health. 
economy, rascism, political differences and immigration rights.
The inequalities in our society when it comes to things like race, gender, orientation, or religion
Donald Trump.  I'm terrified for what he will do to this country, the rule of law...just about everything.
illegal immigration, economy, gov spending, wars
Economy needs a great deal of improvement
return to trumpism will ruin our democracy

health insurance 
presidential election radical selection of officers 
economy. prices are ridiculously high on most things. 
attack on free speech
Immigrants, crime, drugs, high prices, homeless, seeding democracy outside of US
Ultra conservative MAGA republicans that want to strip women's rights.
female reproductive rights (abortion), weakening the fundamental pillars of democracy, the economy, climate change, national debt
the absurdity of paying tens of thousands of dollars to give your kid a liberal, socialist, anti-American education.
The United States of America stepping aside from being the world's leader
toxic food, poor healthcare, education system is failing, inflation is high, salaries are not increasing at the same rate of inflation
economy- high inflation, high interest rates, lack of jobs paying enough to compensate for the high cost of living
 Financial disparity among various heritage groups in the United States. 
inflation,immigration,credit card rates,poor tax dollar spending,living pay check to pay check
Open Borders- unknown individuals crossing the border with criminal records.
economy, inflation, woke movements
horrible economy. everything is rising in cost.. instead of helping the US other countries are being helped. money should stay in the USA.. help your country first.. to many people struggling 
The working class is overlooked in the eyes of government 
border, economy
We need single payer health care
Christian Fundamentalists 
birth control;  religion;  guns;  aborshone; (I can't spell)
trump, fundamentalist fascio-Christians, project 2025, Supreme Court, police fetishism, loss of rights
Politically polarized. The truth no longer matters. It's dangerous to the country 
disinformation on social media
not enough love brotherhood or sisterhood too much separation 
finances, taxes inflation 
Illegal immigration!  there's more
roe vs wade, economy, immigration, 
economy, racism
Illegal immigration.
corruption, racism, capitalism 
illegal aliens and the Border Wall
income inequality
Border security and Economy
inflation - cost of living
hate, political divide
very divided on everything
illegal immigrants that have flooded into our country in the last 4 years
immigration, Border security,
National debt is out of control, no way we can ever pay it down
everything its really a big ass mess
SK
the cost of living is very, very expensive…income levels are so low, we can barely keep a roof over our heads…
stagflation - the growing cost of living plus the stagnation of wages increasingly makes it difficult for the next generation to live sustainably, affordably, and in a manner that allows them to start thinking about their next generation.
Donald Trump will destroy the economy once he takes office with all the unqualified people he is putting in his cabinet period.
Economy & Inflation 
violence
Economy, To high of prices
Immigration    Economy  
trust in government 
the new administration 
international security and economic policy 
SK
Illegal aliens being taken care of before American citizens
Politicizing of everything
government spending and unsecured borders
SK
ignorance about the implications of selfish actions
Political division where there appears no willingness to compromise; Perception of loss of rule of law, dictatorship; Lack of support for NATO, Ukraine in coming administration; Likelihood of federal ban on abortion; OVERALL: an extreme swing to the far right in government administration and the attempts to thwart Constitution and individual rights
the people in power have all forgotten that their positions are in SERVICE to their constituents. all of them - Dems and GOP are too busy playing games with one another to ensure justice for all.
inflation is being falsely reported . it is much higher 
people in charge have no idea what is going on with people with limited income.
Racism against immigrants & all people of color.
economy with lack of affordable housing and cost of food
Inflation and cost of living
Treatment of people who aren't white men
illegal immigration
biden economy and border
The Economy-prices of food/gas/products are too high; the U.S. Border needs to be shut and illegal trespassers need to be deported especially the criminals. Stop sending money to other countries since many U.S. Veterans and disabled U.S. citizens need the financial help. Give Welfare to Americans that are in need NOT to illegals who broke the law to enter the U.S. Restructure the bureaucracy in Washington to stop growth of the Government.
social media… Social media… Social media… There are no consequences for children or even Adults.. i'm [REDACTED AGE] and I'm glad I'm at the end of my life… it's a Very sad world….
Amos/Disinfo pushed on media. 
border crisis, illegals coming in, Inflation, price of groceries
racism, military expenses and media 
President-elect Donald Trump
we are  economically divided The coo of living is ridiculous 
our democracy, the unqualified people who are now in charge.
cost of living 
Economy - affordability of basic necessities in life (cost of shelter, food, clothing)
Economic Inequality
Illegal border crossings of the southern border
Political division
the economy is horrible. people can barely make ends meet. prices are too high
illegal immigration
Racism it impacts how people are treated. Services, available jobs, & Healthcare are withheld based on a person's race or perceived ethnicity. 
Immigration, and the lack of enforcement
to much goverment
wages homeless folks
the illegals bringing drugs into america
Economy, homelessness, immigration 
Taxes, Food prices, Housing, Schools, Jobs, High priced Health Insurance
We do not value education. 
Crime guns, drugs
climate change 
border security, high prices
Lack of civility and working together.
elected president's views on everything. 
The proto-fascist MAGA movement and the general apathy of the electorate.
The division between Americans 
cost of living, rates of everything is to hight, unmanageable 
Inflation is causing people to not be able to afford to live.
there is a problem with communication, information, and education for all people. They do not know how to read food lables. 
Violence.  School shootings, city street crime, mental health issues
here from no body
corrupt Congress members and a felonious president-elect
The Economy and The Border.
woke in schools and some churches
ILLEGALS ENTERING THE US
the personal vendetta of the Democratic Party against President Trump
healthcare, job security, social security, debt, college costs, housing market 
Racism and hate
inflation, safety, immigration, boarder control, 
health care  inflation 
Economy, foreign affairs,
IMIGRATION / ECONOMY / CORRUPTION / BIG PHARMA / BIG TECH 
Hate and divide
Execution/implementation of President Trump's Project 2025
Economy.  Prices of food, gasoline too high.  Living on Social Security makes it difficult to pay bills.
The economy is terrible leaving people struggling to live 
economy,enviroment
inflation caused by government spending
big politics not enough to help all people not just the very wealthy who can buy the desired legislation they desire 
Costs of healthcare.
political literacy
we need to get more guns off the streets and control the violence caused by juveniles. 
I think that we are too divided. I believe what Lincoln said, “A house divided cannot stand.” If we are fighting too much against ourselves, we lose focus of the things that really matter, and are not prepared to stand against the outside enemy. 
Border security,  inflation,  crime, military strength
I feel inflation and immigration are two major issues 
immigration / gun control/ international assistance 
poverty people going hungry 
The general price of food is way too high, needs to level off & come down.
Inflation, high prices, cost of living
Economy, Fuel prices and the Illegal Immigrants- open border, WOKE, DEI, National safety, Military 
border control 
polarización, pues la forma en que el partido republicano se ha dejado arrebatar el liderazgo y al contrario ha permitido que Donald Trump haya polarizado a este gran país.
Illegal Immigration
Prices are still too high on housing and food, women are unable to make decisions about their own bodies and lives, conservative influencers attempting to push women back into the role of mothers and homemakers, and the fluidity of facts as the Republican Party sees them.
division between the parties us against them
cost of living is high
immigration, inflation, safety 
security, isreal, economy
Immigration, Abortion
Education, Adherence to Norms, Ability to discern truth, Income inequality
Unqualified people holding leadership positions.
money/corporations having such a huge influences on politics. Social media/news" media spreading misinfomation. "
over priced items how bad Biden screwed things up 
Political Polarization
Social Security, health care, public education 
we are no longer the UNITED States we are the DEVITED Sates
we need to work for the common good of the country and the people, not the parties and works on the problems that face our daily life 
Climate change is causing issues with ocean levels rising and causing unprecedented weather patterns world wide
domestic-deficit reduction is #1, government accountability, restructuring lobbying (transparency), independence of judicial system.  foreign-cohesive communications with allied countries in which combined gdp can be used for diplomacy.  sorry.
Inflation; Foreign Policy
sending money to ukraine not helping our people , not securing the border
too much divide 
immigration,  the border 
Open borders & the influx of drugs, gang members, terrorists, and the burden on US citizens, the economy,& welfare programs (housing medical,food,etc)
Stopping a dictatorship take over
The economy is unstable.
unrestricted immigration
social & entertainment media mis-information
Because of the apparent ignorance and stupidity of the majority of Americans, cable news shows pushed (or didn't dispute/fact check) all of the misinformation (and disinformation) Trump and his cronies spewed and propagated, 24/7, 365. This made the way to the White House easy for the most unqualified person in the world to become the leader (again). We haven't learned a thing since 2015, and it's gut wrenching.
poverty….we all have bills and less pay
current president
inflation is to high
border crossing of illegal people coming across the border
inflation
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE & ACCOUTABILITY 
The lack of Medicare for All
cost of living and inflation with economy. 
racism  diversity.
Economic stability 
divisiveness, without being able to see where each group (and it is not just 2) is coming from, we have no hope of a common ground to grow and be what our name says United" States"
Economy, free stuffs to many people who don't deserve, country is divided. We must not consider religion when we are talking about government. Religion is a personal thing and must not be linked with politics at all. Restrict immigration. Remove all illegal migrants. Make government small and cut spending.
Economy.  Unemployent
homelessness  taxing seniors 
Economy, Immigration / Border, Crime, Party divisivness, 
We have a crisis of misinformation on our hands, with no solution in sight.
gdp and debt
illegals crossing border 
SK
Social/political faction and division. International geopolitical instability. Economic growth and opportunity. Excessive focus on progressive liberal topics as opposed to real issues.
teachers, schools,bus driver, behavior care,and need more psychiatrist for mental health
division and hate
Civic Entropy. The people are trending towards chaos. The nation likewise follows. This is largely spiritual.
Too much anger, hate and fear being spread
hatred of people or groups
foreign affairs
people who are not in the country legally 
economy and decrease in face to face socialization.
The job market for white collar workers, especially tech, is not good right now.  There are too many H1-B being allowed into the country when companies are laying off US citizen workers.
1. We are closer to nuclear war than any time in my lifetime except for 1962. 2 We have no border, and are being invaded. 3. The country is more divided than anytime in my lifetime.
balance of power to create equalish
That Trump is in office and is unstable.
immigration, economy 
I believe we have far too much homelessness.  I myself do not receive enough money to even rent a home. My city is pushing the poor out. Greed has consumed this town in general. 
Woman's right to choose, my body my choice, healthcare for all citizens, tighter gun laws in US and the concern with democracy being comprised in this country.
racism , 
The incoming Trump Administration.
SUPPORT FOR FAMILIES; EDUCATION AT ALL LEVELS; 
Abortion and limiting women's access to healthcare
People believing in a false sense of entitlement at the expense of others
economy not enough bipartisan agreement
Immigration and the economy 
Abortion is viewed as  commonplace, half of politicians worried about virtue signaling, politicians worshipping the status quo wasting tons of money on things to appease people's feelings and not essentials
1. Democracy - Donald Trump now has the unlimited power to destroy democracy as we know it. He is an autocratic leader and his MAGA cronies will stoop to any level to retain power and strip the rights of minorities and women.
abortion and women's rights to their body 
I think the economy is bad we neeed some help for the senior and middle class people. There are jobs out there but people don't want to work. I am [REDACTED AGE] and I am having a terrible time living things are too expensive. The people raise our rent , medicine, and insurances and  it is hard to survive
immigration oil drilling and to many people thing they should get there way
economy the coast of living is going up but wages are not 
feed the hunger, homeless, immigrants 
I think a small group of fascists is threatening to fully overthrow a flawed but functional Republic in order to pay off a few debts that they're panicked about, and I think it delights them to kill transgender people to do it, and I find that a weird stance to have.
economy/inflation/national debt.
The country elected Donald Trump again along with a trifecta in the Senate and House. There will now be no guardrails, checks and balances and a right wing supreme court to top it off!
all the things are expensive. 
illegal aliens. They are thieves, taking over american property, the worst are getting into the country. 
Inflation, money in politics, immigration, partizan politics 
racism eats at the character and politics of the country
border crossings of undocumented migrants
Every student who are US citizen coming from senior high schools or universities must get a job, instead of foreign MS students, whose countries education system is par below the USA education standard.  Most of these foreign students coming here (based on visa luck and showing fake bank account to US consultancy office) and doing master's and putting fake experience in their resume and grabbing the jobs, through consultancy agencies. Mostly these consultancy agencies are on salary commission bases and encouraging the foreign MS students to create the fake resume and through their hierarchy channel (consultancy friends) in that companies, they are helping this foreign MS students getting the jobs, which BADLY hurting the USA citizens jobs opportunities. THIS MUST be stopped immediately.   The people who running these consultancy agencies in USA, came from villages landlords or corrupt officers/politician/film industries, and mostly they are having religious background people and hurting the Chirstian minorities back in India (for example).  After getting the commissioned money from MS students, these consultancy agencies are doing real estate here in USA and increasing the home price and looting people here in USA.  They (consultancies) are helping by running parallel economy in USA to help corrupted politician back in India.   The best solution for this problem is 1.scrutinize the education background while giving visa. 2. NO off campus jobs (doing in consultancies motels/restaurants) 3. directly hire them through USA company with reasonable salary (where consultancy charging 10 time higher).  4. if these MS students are too good, provide green card to them without delay.   In this way, it will not hurt USA citizens jobs, mostly they complete their studies with bank loans, and they are able to repay that money if they have jobs in hand.   It only possible when US government set down fake consultancy business, in that way US government helping (1) the right-minded (knowledge) MS students for jobs and preventing them from slavery, (2) helping the innocent people not to fall in consultancy real estate fake business, and (3) back in India, helping the Christian minorities to practice their religious with freedom. (4) IRS will get tax money by prevent parallel running economy by this consultancy for corrupted politicians back in India. Here I taken India as example. The situation is more or less similar to every country particularly Asia, Africa and Latin Americas. 
Cost of living, especially costs caused by housing scarcity, and economic opportunity for people across age and income groups.
social Security & Medicare 
Healthcare, job security and wages
the economy is in terrible shape. interest rates are too high,  inflation is rising faster than pay rates. taxes are our of hand. we are triple and quadruple taxed on every dollar we earn. 
MAGA is the single largest threat to Democracy of my lifetime. The damage trump is going to do is scary.
Immigration and economy and education 
Climate change and other environmental problems.
the economy inflation is hurting growth
immigration - too many coming cross illegally 
excessive government spending and inflation
public health funding
Border security.
Economy, especially outsourcing manufacturing jobs to China and high cost of products from inflation 
Inflation, Debt, Border Security, Drugs, Human Trafficking 
border, economy, housing prices, ww3
money   too much spending
low economy. cost of living needs to be higher
the 1% not paying their share of taxes 
economy.   the prices of gas and groceries 
Immigration needs an overhaul;  inflation needs to be contained; 
division -we have lost the ability to be respectful of other peoples point of view
Economy - inflation, national debt
racism 
economy and immigration
America becoming an Oligarchy
Immigration, A communist President, Gun Rights, Freedom in all areas
Iran's fundamentalist government getting a nuclear weapon
division between political parties 
inflation, american interferrance in middle east
political divisiveness
inflation, housing , taxes 
Economy, border security, protection of the unborn, 
Economy, businesses leaving California, our president to be, the country being so divided.
inflation need more imigration control make more jobs for american citizens
our economy - It was going in the right direction when Trump was last in office but has been horrible while Biden has been in office.
climate change, income inequality, racism, taking rights away from vulnerable groups
ending the war, improving the economy
plastics and all the waste polluting and destrying our oceans. 
fear and that is what the Trumps like 
Immigration, allowing people into our contry and giving them everything when we can not take care of our own people 
Deficit spending
Boarder control.  Illegal imagrants have gotten out of control.
Inflation, potential involvement in world wars, unsecure borders 
illegal immigrants not legal ones and the amount of money being spent on them and the fact there are no places to put them
The policies of the incoming president. The partisan Supreme Court justices. 
Trump is the most important problem facing our country 
Supreme Court -interfering in things they should not
Healthcare Cost[CHAR(10)]
TRUMP  
Racisim, Bigots, Christians, Hypocrites, GREED, CORPORATE AND INDIVIDUAL GREED. LACK OF EQUALITY, LACK OF EMPATHY!!! IGNORANCE AT LARGE
Economy needs big improvement!
economy the state of money being far worse than it was years ago, for us
#NAME?
immigration- open borders 
The hatred and fear caused by divisiveness in politics and the attack on education
Illegal Aniens Invading America 
too liberal, not a good education in public schools, too much crime, unfair justice system, legalization of marijuana
immigration, social security. foreign aid. homeless  for vets. 
lack of integrity 
the rising cost of living, disparities between the socio-economic status of the populous, the value of the dollar weighing more than the life that spends it.
Poverty, Healthcare or lack of, ÒVER PRICED HOUSING AND FOOD, NO HELP FOR TAX PAYERS WHEN NEEDED.
Economy - prices of goods and services are higher than in the past.  
The economy. While the democrats are in control the economy has been in trouble.  The prices of almost everything has gone up and up.
Growing divide between parties
No Civility and respect for others opinions 
immigration. Millions are crossing our border by force disregarding the legal path to entry
planetary environmental health
immigration wars going on inflation etc
MAGA. It is very self centered.  US should be responsible to helping other nations 
Lack of Democracy
Fundamentalist christians infiltrating various levels of government with intentions to dismantle US democracy.
illegal immigration
Poor leadership, inflation, the economy, democracy
The New President Makes USA look like a joke.
Racism and hatred of women 
inflation and economic prosperity 
economy the cost of everything has skyrocketed.  inflation has hit the midwest hard
woman's reproductive rights
bigotry - trans and gay rights
rights and opportunities for people other than white males. 
An unhealthy focus on selfishness to the exclusion of all other individuals -- mostly a lack of empathy
corruption and drug company 
Hate speech fostered by Donald Trump. We now have a leader who's comments about women, other races, the poor and indigent make them targets for the MAGA types who think nothing of getting rid of people—one way or another. 
Not sure at this point. The country just elected a convicted felon and a 2 x time impeached ex president. So I would say that the countries judgement is faulty at this time. The same people that elected this new president are the ones who are in the lower percent of economic success in this country. They are oblivious to the crimes and praise his criminal record as a success.
president wasting tax payers money 
protecting the enviroment
Lack of compassion for each other.
deficit and over spending 
Government spending
climate change; disunity
ECONOMY LESS PRODUCTS FOR MORE MONEY/PRICES CONTINUING TO RISE
The economy,  prices are too high. 
inflation 
Giving too much money to other Countries & immigrants and dont give money to the United States Veterans or Poor Americans!
the economy - everything is so expensive and wages haven't kept up. it is very difficult on the younger generation to get a good start when being on their own. 
SK
One of the most important problems facing this country is the rights of women being taken away.
Price of goods, economy, immigration, education, LGBTQ rights, reproductive freedom
Illegal Immigration 
The wealthy aren't taxed enough.  Big business is too powerful.
Too many people crossing our borders.
inflation, illegal immigration, housing shortgage, job income disparity for women
economy, political division, foreign policy
Dismantling our democracy
False history is the biggest. Teaching lies in school. The country not fixing their mistakes of the past. Not acknowledging their wrongs. Racism, oppression to certain demographics of people. lack of homeownership for certain demographics of people. Wide income marginal divides amongst certain demographics of people. Few business opportunities for so called slaves children left her that built the country from the ground up. their children have nothing in this land ................... but everyone else's seed has all the fats of this land........
the economy we need to take care of our own 
pension issues 
Reaching common ground
influx of illegals immigrants without being vetted
political divide 
HATE of religions, LGBTQI people, immigrants, party against party(political), and the spear of misinformation about these topics or people. 
women's reproductive rights
economia
economy: inflation, salaries, mortgage interest rates.
Illegal immigration
Bigotry, homophobia, transphobia, hatred, stupidity, self-centeredness
Trump himself - I'm terrified of the reckless actions he'll take once he becomes president again.
cost of living, hard to get by on social security 
pub school, health care
foreign policy, religion, inflation
enviromental degradation, climate change, pollution, etc.
Economy, lower inflation
Financial security - keeping non-government people like Elon Musk out of governmental processes. His access to the Treasury is horrendous.
The Economy is doing poorly for the Middle income
security from terrorists 
Boarder, crime, prices on insurance, groceries, etc.
Right now I am most worried about what terrible, sweeping changes Donald Trump will try to enact in the next 4 years e.g., in weaking the EPA, women's rights, foreign policy.
maga movement - racist sexist anti science anti climate change fascist movement has taken over the USA 
economy we need lower prices and more jobs for the lower and middle classes.  we need to make America the best country. 
I think there's things that need to be fixed but I don't pay enough attention to policts and such to have a fair opinion in this 
women's rights 
corruption & conflicts of intetest by government & it's agencies
Economic inflation
Political Extremists
Low wages, lack of jobs, high inflation, overall lack of opportunities for prosperity
need to focus more on our country, quit being the global babysitter
The cost of groceries, gas, and cost of housing/living
Economy
RETIREMENT INCOME
open borders
all the isms (racism, sexism, etc.)
climate change.   daily waste
The nonelected administrators run a parallel government that runs the nation independent of elected officials. This has resulted in loss of manufacturing, entripenureship and general freedom in our republic.  
Economy, what going to happen when tariffs put in place
affordable housing minimum wages healthcare and insurance
Our open border situation
Women's rights, and LGBQT+ rights, Human rights
there are lots of problems. food problems, health insurance issues,etc
economy,  lack of unity,  government overreach,  health
Housing Economy 
Inflation. The cost of living is really hard for middle class those in poverty right now. People can't afford to buy homes. Groceries, clothing, and fuel are very expensive. 
economic in opposite direction
SK
I'm not racist but how is these people coming to our Country and getting all of our benefits and we have to work and can't get nothing 
economy
lack of accountability 
illegal immigrates
economic, border, censorship, waste and fraud, freedom of speech 
Misinformation Disinformation Lies
Inflation is huge right now.
Unity….I feel our country isn't united. 
we need the food to go down!! we need housing to go down and we need are jobs to pay better and we need are jobs and government jobs to make sure they pay us people for the time we work and on time and if they don't there fined big and they have to pay the employee double or triple there check they didn't get payed and I think we need more love and less hate we need are social media platforms to be held accountable for scams fraud and so forth 
climic change
the the country is divided 
Big business interests
Abortion I do not believe it should be legalized.
immigration….shut the borders
economy, we need stabilization of prices at the grocery store.
Environmental Issues aren't prioritized - Healthcare isn't prioritized - The people as a whole aren't prioritized.  It a power grab with little thought about those who need assistance.
Homelessness, border, crime
Education, Privacy, Healthcare, Equity in college admission across all cultures 
The economy. The price of EVERYTHING has gone up and it never seems to come back down. It seems that companies will us anything that is happening in the world to raise and or gouge price the consumers. The price of gas has dropped, but $2.70 per gallon is still ridiculous. The oil companies make record profits. The get get brought in front of Congress and essentially get yelled at and when it's over they just go back to doing the same thing.
economy inflation; illegal immigration; crime; woke politics 
poverty/ food insecurity 
Economy, south boarder, stock market, job market, getting inflation down
Economy, Inflation, price hike etc
Trump, hatred, super wealthy taking advantage of the working class
The lack of civility for people of different schools of thought. The economy. Human rights(including women's rights). An unwillingness to acknowledge facts. Gun control. 
illegal immigration
High cost of food items, gasoline, housing
Finances! Everything is going up but NOONE has the money to afford anything so we are all just struggling to keep ourselves and kids alive and healthy. 
Illegal immigration, inflation, crime
The american people seem obsessed with domesticated animals.
Immigration is one of the most important problems in this country.
SK
polarization—it doesn't feel like that “one nation … with liberty and justice for all” welcoming “huddled masses yearning to be free”
indifference to what is going on, FAKE news
the rights to bodily autonomy -for women and those who identify as transgender
the corruption of the people in power that want to create division and are not help the lower and middle class people 
divisiveness, ingredients in foods, price of housing, over regulations 
Division in political parties, religion taking too big of a role in politics, women's rights 
NEED TO CLOSE THE BORDER
Economy, border, 
open borders, illegal immigrants, crime, fentanyl deaths, terror threats 
economy and immigration and division
Attacks on individual freedoms
wages are not keeping ahead of costs
Divisiveness driven by the politics of fear". Selfish outside influences or those with financial influence pushing their own agendas by "dividing and conquering" the American people. "
Economics, crime, lack of respect for all people, world conflicts, 
Economy
democracy as an institution 
illegal immigration and open border
class division 
Liberals and antisemitism
hate, misinformation, sexism 
Immigration This is a big problem for all Americans and hopefully it will get better soon.
Lawlessness and embezzlement by people in power. No one is honest from bottom to top. They all have to go.
Corporate money in politics
Social Security, affordable housing, affordable higher education, healthcare
Gun laws-NRA refuses to invoke harsh laws alongside republicans
LA ECONOMIA, TODO MUY CARO, LA RENTA DE CASAS, IMPUESTOS MUY ALTOS, 
the economy the prices of livong is not matching our pay checkes..
I don't pay much attention
Fascism has returned
Immigration, climate change, healthcare system, quality of food, the war in the Ukraine
Economy affected by so many other things, border, handouts, spending bills with tack ons, etc
border gas prices grocery prices peoples wages
Disunity.  Lack of ability to compromise.  Partisanship.  Inflation.  Excessive housing prices.
Immigration, the economy is so bad already. The Country can't afford to house and feed so many. The economy is so bad people shouldn't have to choose between paying their bills or groceries 
Christian nationalism 
economy and immigration
economy.   
economy abortion
Immigration, open boarders, crime
SK
income not evenly spread
geopolitical instability 
border control 
misuse of our resources
stop funding other countries. bring our troops back to the u.s. take the gov't out of public schools. stop telling our kids its ok to be trans or gay. get rid of the illegals 
equal rights for all. especially women 
global warming 
Inflation--being able to afford housing, food, transportation
Woke movement. I recently saw a woman wearing a shirt that said protect trans youth!
close border    stronger military   inflation    
illegal immigration
legalized abortion
el racismo la economia el divicionismo entre ricos pobres 
maga movement. too political 
illegal Immigration.
Potential wars with Russia (over Ukraine), or China (over Taiwan), or Iran (over Israel). Too much power has been given to the Office of US President. Trump is unpredictable and not trustworthy and not a good person (a convicted criminal, sexual molester, blatant liar) and will likely cause major problems for our country - and people love him no matter what he does.
Donald Trump's abuse of Executive Power
ECONOMY--price increases
Healthcare
Women's Rights, Cost of Living, Antisemitism
gun control and school shootings
Class divide, rich getting richer and poor poorer w/ AI
decline in economy, lack of access to affordable healthcare, unemployment, christian nationalism, xenophobia, racism
Racism and Antisemitism
income disparity
philosophically, polarization, the media increasing that polarization. gross generalizations of people. 
Cost of living crisis
fake news control of the narrative
not enough money for the lower class.
Russian-controlled ruling party
SK
no real leadership 
miss information from the media 
Economic instability 
donald trump + magats
Donald Trump as POTUS. Should be in jail.
racism,most people tend to vote along racial lines.
The country is heavily divided between conservatives and liberals
Women's rights are currently at stake once Donald Trump enters the office in January, along with immigrants careers and futures they built here, in United States of America. Donald Trump is racist, black people's life's will also be affected and police's brutality to people of color will be more common, and Donald will ignore it.
la emigración no hay solución alguna 
Donald Trump being in office
Anti-Corruption and Transparency.[CHAR(10)]Arms Control and Nonproliferation.[CHAR(10)]Climate and Environment.
cost of goods. 
lack of agreement/compromise
too much hate amongst strangers. I feel social media and how young people communicate keeps them sheltered and sensitive. People are too worried about feeling embarrassed or what others think about them. 
inflation food is so high I have a hard time feeding a family of [REDACTED AMOUNT],and Trump being president.
Fundamental Human Rights Values
Racial inequality
not progressive enough- college cost, single payer medical care
Rule of law.  Equality before the law.  Maintaining freedoms for people, markets and the world.
illegals/ prices /economy 
The strength of our democracy and the rise of right-wing authoritarianism/populism. 
equality. treat everyone equally
economics problems
MAGA
trump is trying to destroy democracy 
Stubborn unthinking partisanship which puts party before issues and solutions.
The economy is affecting the quality of life for many Americans. 
Taxes
Racism Failure to deal with the legacy of slavery and making it illegal to present certain points of view about that legacy
One problem: lack of universal or very affordable national healthcare in the U.S.
authoritarianism, racism, economic disadvantage, food safety and insecurity,senior care, underfunded social security, environmental poisoning, insanely undertaxed and NOTtaxed ultra rich people getting away with not contributing to the general welfare.....
Food/Housing prices
racism
supporting illegal immigrants in this country is a problem helping out other countries by us paying to fight their war and giving them weapons is another problem not speaking to the American people about what they need
Los altos precios de los alimentos y la rentas
Christian Nationalism threatening democracy and American citizens 
This is hard. People trying to impose their beliefs on others is causing an uncomfortable rift that I fear can lead to violence and will split this country.  
Illegal Aliens 

The economy, and people's material outcomes. The erosion of our social safety net and the privatization of like, everything.
the lack of accountability and myopic hate from conservative white men who will destroy any and all to maintain the patriarchy
Social Injustice
Level of education
climate change 
immigration, people coming into our country while we pay for them to eat and pay them
crime within the youth
country is divided. 
housing and overall pricing on everything 
equality, economy
Big difference in political decisions
rise of authoritarianism, people given permission structure to hate and act their worst
hate and intolerance 
Women's rights 
Political division
Wealth disparity
money and secrets 
Housing affordability
the economic unbalance.  middle class is getting poor and rich people are getting richer  
The gap between the rich and poor/middle class.
lack of love for America 
Immigration Boarder Control 
wokeness economy inflation regulation
Southern border
America has a morality issue in my opinion based on the 2024 election results. 
economy- cost of living has spiked to wuickly
Systematic Racism, Rising Inflation, Housing Costs, Student Loan Debt
homelessness, pay inequality, hate
Illegal Immigration
Climate crisis - literally nothing else matters if humanity ignores this.
growing fascism 
homelessness or people addicted to drugs. People that can't afford to live or buy groceries 
ENSURING ABORTION RIGHTS FOR WOMEN.  I AM A PRO-RIGHTS PERSON.
Keeping a handle on the economy.
I believe the widening economic wage gap between the upper and lower classes is a huge problem facing this country. As well as the loss of educational and abortion rights of people in some red states which is devastating. Additionally, I believe the US military spending is out of control and we need to stop funding genocide in Palestine. 
Politicians work for themselves not for the people.
homelessness affordable education
Women's reproductive rights
Illegal emigrants
economic and immigration 
The President-Elect
racism is going to get worse
Donald Trump and his MAGA cult
immigration, government trying to indoctrinate children at a young age, removing genders
Ignorance - most people don't do research and choose to be steadfast to one ideal, even if there is valid information proving the ideal as incorrect or false. There is no room for conversation or debate as people are set in their decision and don't even want to hear other opinions.
djdhdhehdjdhsbdbsbdbdbdbdbss
economy, failing middle class, immigration, student debt, housing shortage, domestic terrorism
Trump is already destroying the US democratic and justice systems.
Divisiveness among people who disagree...Abortion Issue...Immigration...Economy
Inflation, hunger, border security, infanticide, energy costs
immigration economy funding foreign wars
immigration and drugs
Economy Immigration 
Open borders
division and racism
the economy prices are just way to high on everything people are not able to survive 
Poverty, women's rights, disparities within minorities, inflation
economy 
Los intereses de los préstamos muy altos. 
Money, people, and we are not all united as one like we should be. we are more divided. things have gotten out of control between truth/reality vs peoples opinions on a lot. 
The American Dream is gone, we are divided, economy is awful and it's impossible to buy a home. 
Climate crisis
fear of stability in this country
Illegal People
Crime
biased supreme court, women's reproductive rights under attack, immigration policy. inflation 
too much access to guns
economic and war health care
illegals inflation/cost living
division between parties
to much killings and drugs in the street 
inflation, gap between rich and poor and middle class and rich
crimes. Not many job opportunities. food prices 
That Donald Trump will again be president
anti-trans legislation 
greed ($$) over people
racism  -unfair treatment 
Income inequality, housing costs, living wages, and partisan division. 
Equality, lack of affordable housing and health care.
Lack of retirement planning, rising costs due to corporate greed/corruption, bank manipulation, racism
Inflation on food & gas. Lack of healthcare. Dental help. Social security medicare medicade
inflation prices are crazy 
Donald Trump/MAGA
immigration. No concrete plan for immigrants entering our country.
The lack of implementing universal healthcare that is similar to other developed nations 
immigration ..... illegal immigration...
Low ecomy
honesty in communications
Parties not trying to agree with each other. 
illegal immigration and spending
Racism
Integrity. Complete lack of honesty and candor in politics.
Threat to US democracy by Trump and those he is appointing to his cabinet
high prices for food and housing
Facism is taking hold in America thanks to Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans
1) illegal entry out of control, no rules, open border not good 2) inflation out of control for food and housing and renting  3) big business not paying share of taxes or controlling emissions
La economia
inflation on just about everything, hatred 
politics is too polarizing 
Inflation
unemployment people not working or finding jobs
revoke Citizens United.  Get corporations to pay their fair share of taxes.  Remove their ability to vote.  Reduce the size of government while increasing services for women and children.  Reinstate Roe v Wade.  reinstate free breakfasts and lunches in schools.  Increase teacher pay.  Regulate the insurance industry better - perhaps eliminate it.  Hospitals should be nonprofit.
Economic, inflation, cost of goods need to be stable.
economy, spending, govt control
Climate change is the number one most serious issue that anyone alive right now should care about.
class division and cost of living. 
Spending and national debt
the border/immigration
Donald trump about to become president again with crazy people in administration 
Womens rights. It feels like things are going back in time.
Inflation, Interest rates, homelessness etc 
General human rights being limited 
staying out of war 
Trump and divisiveness
lack of gun control, opioid addiction, climate and environmental changes, lack of tolerance and understanding for anyone different than one's self — racism and bigotry, Middle America appears angry- perhaps in need of better education, healthcare, and employment. we need to do a better job of providing for everyone's primary needs shelter, food, and health.
cost of living 
LA INMIGRACION ILEGAL
inflation. too high 

Breakdown of law and order
economy and women's rights to choose
Taxes! We are drowning in taxes!! 
PRICE OF HEALTH CARE
everything is a big problem facing the world today 
government poverty hunger 
lack of separation of church and state 
check and bills issues, having a president ejected that lies and is fellow convicted plus being close to Russia, China, North Korea, the Supreme Court not being independent of the president The MAGA daily lies and conspiracy 
inflation prices are way too high 
Our democracy
A sorry behind elects President who promotes hate and violence 
crime
being able to afford to eat snd live
lawlessness and disregard for people's rights
Managing Government
finances.  racism. trump
indifference
inflation, illegal immigrants 
inflation, health care, immigration
economy, social cohesion
Climate
inflation people have no money for items. price has gone up and wages have not. 
Misinformation 
The border should be closed no illegal immigrants crossing the border
I think this country is in for big problems in all areas. we are losing our freedom in many areas. Freedom lost for woman rights to her own body. freedom of our own speech is being taken away by fear of being threatened by online people or groups. 
Inflation; Housing; Taxes; Medicare; Social Security; Healthcare
social media and the impact it has on how humans decide to live their lives 
dont care about people
SK
Money
Migrant situation, cost of living, no assistance from social services 
immigration!!!!!
Illegal Immigration is a huge problem.  The border must be closed.  
economic inequality 
Reproductive Freedom and Health Care for Women
lack of respect for fellow citizens
Homeless for Elderly, Kids, Veterans 
Climate
disrespect for one a other
1. economy[CHAR(10)]2. division
inflation 
inflation is too high and food is unaffordable 
right now is the border situation
The Boarder Crisis
economic status
Growing inflation and home prices 
moral decay the value and concern for other human beings does not exist and people only care about how they present when they decide to start a family.  Eddie Murphy stopped using profanity in movies. comic stand up when he began having children.Females are basically naked. 
immigration, safety, economy
economics are way too high
Trump and the entire current republicans 
disinformation 
too much misinformation being given to people and a lack of education in how to find reliable information 
Economy, cost of living for the average American is too high
Freedom of Religon
MAGA and Christian Fundamentalists forcing their narrow agenda on everyone
Unity  just working together for the betterment of the country.
separation of church and state is very blurred
CONSUMER PRICE INFLATION
income inequality 
Economy
Jobs and cost of living 
inflation, illegal immigration-military age men, national & cyber security, the chemical in our foods, the lack of truth given to the public
The economy and middle class workers 
don't care 
corrupt politicians 
If I had to choose from the top three problems this country has, I would have to say discrimination.
crumbing system, wealth at the top, 2 party system, division, people fighting against eachother instead of uniting, economy, inflation, AI
Open border
jobs good paying ones 
Communication We have gotten lost on how to communicate.
the economy, price to high on everything.  
Corrupt and self serving politicians. 
social security running out of money and medicare and health costs
Immigration / Border Security / Illegals / Crime / Drugs / Cartels / Jobs / Tax Burden 
project 2025 is the biggest problem facing this Country and really,the world right now. 
immigration. Too many illegal immigrants
taxes gun rights Healthcare 
economy, inflation, 
stopping  illegal  border  crossing 
energy dependence , close boarders 
economics, foreign policy, corruption 
total honesty on many levels...fraud is not helping but proof is hard to prove
Country in alot of debt.. Help our own people instead of wars in other countries.
unification so many people are at opsidw on so many issues we need to as a group move closer together.
Donald J. Trump, MAGA, White Nationalism
everything! cost of living is too high for what we are paid!
border and our if control spending of government agencies 
economics, everyday prices of basic needs housing health care
cost of living and housing costs
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, Inflation, defunding police, CRIME, Dual standard for criminals, lawfare, EPA overreach, FDA in bed with industry, chronic health issues, autism levels in America, 
Immigration, inflation, threat of war.  Prejudices against Jewish people.  Homelessness and criminal violence.
Border , Energy,  Crime,  Woke in military
Inflation affects a lot of American workers because its a high increase with rent payments, gasoline and even groceries.
money in politics
i heard all these other states handing out cash or checks still an [REDACTED DETAILS] has not gotten help. we are all really needing the help. bad enough we are scared to even do anything on the phone any more everything an i mean everything is being hacked!!!!! someone got a house in tx through my  credit an etc. over 100 hard an soft credit checks  trying to being independent has gone. u can even be able to do anything on your own. please help 
racism, employment, social security, 
economic is at a all time low
violence, one sided media
SK
inflation because it hits my pocketbook
Money
economy-how wages and high taxes. 
Price of food, gas, housing. Donald Trump.
NOT HAVING QUALIFIED CANDIDATES TO CHOSE FROM IN A PRIMARY
illegal immigrants, the hugh deficit from the last 4 years, stop giving illegal immigrants money that should be going to our United States Veterans who are homeless. can't think of anything else right now.
Illegal immigration
price gouging high prices on food and stuff we need 
the divisiveness in the nation right now is huge.  In filling out this survey I feel like I'm being boxed into exactly what some view extreme Trump believers to be.  While I don't dislike any particular people group as people, I do not always agree with their belief systems or what they stand for.  just because I may feel “cold” to what any group stands for does not mean I can't be warm and loving to the people themselves.  just because one views things from a different side doesn't mean we should berate and attack them.  Our country is more divided than ever!
Giving too much money away
Illegal Immigration
Open boarder
1. Crime.  This topic is made up of segeral 
division. views are from one extreme to the other and folks can't agree on what's true or good
inflation, health care ( insurance premiums and healthcare too expensive) hate, crime instability fear
Divide. There is so much hatred in this country towards each other. I fear that it will only get worse come January.
Open border. Economy 
Party over country
Climate change. Not enough attention paid to solving the problem
Trump being president again is a burden we have to bear for the next 4 years 
We have lost God in our lives
Sexism, Racism, Money Greedy, and Elitist 
Illegal Immigration. This causes a great strain on the economic resources of the country.
The division of the parties ,  Potential War , National Security and MAGA 
illegal immigrated 
Division amplified- failure to honor varied contributions and reach common ground
SK
Economy, inflation, border, employment 
leadership trump used AI to get elected and he's not a leader. everyone knows Karelia won that election 
security with China and North Korea, people crossing the border with bad intent
divisiveness not willing to compromise
economy and immigration 
illegal aliens are committing violent crimes
inflation rising
immigration inflation 
economy high prices
The inflation rate
i really don't care
Donald trump  the president 
how divided we are as a country with politics 
the most important problem is the ongoing conflicts globally, specifically the Middle East.
Rights at risk of being stripped away by a conservative Supreme Court
The price of living for the working class
jobs better jobs 
Climate change and the lack of commitment on part of government and citizens to seriously address

economy, cost of living, high grocery bills, inflation
Hate and greed are in the top 5 of this countries problems 
poverty , just to much poor in the richest country in the world 🌍
polarization, lack of literacy and education, prioritizing profit above well-being
financial insecurity, inflation, housing, 
federal deficit, inflation, cost of living
The fact that there is an arbitrary concept as Country".  "
border economy 
Climate Change -- If we don't bring greenhouse gas emissions down very soon, we will face ever more catastrophic weather!
Human Rights- the Republicans are taking rights away from people in many different ways 
The internet and Donald Trump's attempt and/or propensity to substitute biased allegations for fact based truth and news reporting.
Health insurance
The economy - inflation
people sneaking into this country and working illegally or staying after their visa expires. However, I will say that we should make it a little easier for people who are going through political distress and economic hardships.
Trump becoming President again
Illegal immigration
Cost of living, economic mobility, wealth inequality, misinformation, political division 
Healthcare. Horrible system and we have seen the consequences off profiting off people's health
Taxes are to high
divisive attitudes fostered by politicians
income, police brutality, and the cost of living 
polarization in American politics 
homelessness 
Inflation, rise of taxes and prices while job salaries remain same. Lack of unification of the country, more people dividing themselves over political stances instead of having open dialogue.
abortion, taxes, immigration
Greed
helping other countries why our country is suffering
terrible leaders, the government spend carelessly, medical insurance should be free, taxes keep going up, it's getting harder and harder to live in this country 
DACA, immigrants 
educacion, empleo, retiro laboral, vivienda...
Lack of teaching people to research, weigh alternatives, and make a RATIONAL decision.
cancel culture, unable to speak your mind for be incorrect and be cancelled on social media
Money
Extraordinary cost of Healthcare, commercialization of health insurers, extraordinary cost of education, lack of attention to the needs of individual people, international isolationism of the new President, growing income gap, easy access to guns. 
Food prices too high
economics
Election reform
inequality of salaries
Economic growth is stymied from over regulation, over government spending
trust in the Supreme Court 
college debt and cost of living The hatred that is being said about other races and women's rights 
Economic Stability 
not enough love for our fellow man
Immigration, Inflation, Crime, Gun Control, Silencing the Police---let them do their job.  Hold criminals accountable.  Put shoplifters, rioters, looters etc. in jail.  
MAGA Republicans - they are going to ruin democracy
Division. greed and the complete disregard for the people.
conservative values
A shared sense of reality and morality.
hate of anyone different 
Not believing people are * * are we are americans and neighbors
government spending
immigration is a very big concern.
Economy, immigration, trust in the government and media, Big Pharma
the economy is poor. We need more jobs in America
Racism
na
donald trump/maga
too many illegal migrants from all over the world and too many legal migrants from India. 
unemployment,ignorance, lazy ness social media reality tv the acceptance of transgender in children 
Abortion access, inflation 
poverty, hunger, lack of education 
Inflation, economy, education, crime. 
racial justice, economy
the most problems we are facing right now is with the economy  , for example high price groceries and rent 
Does it really matter. The political party is only going to address what they want
Climate change and global warming
I think that the major problems are all connected. The earth is dying because of big corporations paying off our government as well as because of a million bombs being sent to the Middle East because of Israel paying off our government. most of the problems have their root in capitalism.
divisiveness politically and polarization 
health insurance and economy should be the priority and of course national security too and peace and retirement and health care for the elders should be a priority of course and healthcare for the children and mental health should be a priority and job security for every American
dont know much about this
Economy and way people treat one another.
the incoming president
Divisions,The Political parties just don't get along like they used to
Economy
Gun violence, police brutality, racism, sexism, homophobia/transphobia, economic inequality, climate change, ...
With the election of Donald J. Trump to be the next U.S. president the very foundation of our freedom and democracy hangs in the balance. Mr. Trump has surrounded himself with and has appointed to his 2025 cabinet only YES" people. Not loyalists, per se, but "yes men." People who will assist him in his revenge against the DOJ for filing felony charges against him for his illegal and outrageous behaviors in January of 2021 and revenge against the FBI for raiding his Mara-a-Lago Club in search of absconded classified documents he had stashed away there. Because the Supreme Court has granted Mr. Trump full immunity for "all official acts" during his upcoming term in office, he now has no guard rails in place to check his promise of revenge against his "enemies." With the nomination of people like Pete Hegseth as the Secretary of Defense and Kash Patel as the Director of the FBI, Mr. Trump now has a clear and unindictable pathway to the end of the "Rule of Law" as we know it today and his accomplishment of his primary mandate to become a dictator. This clear threat to the United States Constitution (which Mr. Trump has never read) puts our current freedom and democracy at severe risk. "
I think that the inflation that we have experienced the last couple years has been difficult for most people that I know.
crime people are scared to go out shopping because of getting mugged or carjacking. 
poverty and lack of education 
lack of basic human rights 
Maga movement, nationalism, and racism. Education system also concerns me, including student debt and the cost of education.
future of democracy 
global warming 
I dnt know 
political extremism by republicans
Common sense and unity.  Too many folks are far left or far right, we need to live more in the middle.  
immigration reform and health care
Protection of human life
Reasonable healthcare costs - why is healthcare in the US so much more than in other major countries?
economy is terrible. cost of living is to high
mass transit. we as Americans should be able to sleep as long as needed. thanks.
Border Control, crime, corrupt government
the division of people 
The economy is not headed in a direction that will help the majority of middle America.
illegal immigrants open borders
illegal imagration
The most important problems the the jobs and economy. Also, not knowing if project 2025 will be activated. 
The high cost of living is a huge problem facing Americans currently. 
economy, illegal immigrants 
taxes cost of living
money lack of religion
racism...I'm believer in everyone is equal.   Illegal immigrants.  Rise in county taxes with no control
too much gov't spending on wars and illegal immigrants
people
Inflation prices and the state of the economy
misinformation, biased news, Facebook politics, closed-mindedness, bigotry, religion, no separation of church/state
rising cost of rent and mortgages
Border security, economic issues including inflation and creation of higher paying jobs across the United States, class issues including the middle and working class not be heard or having power to set societal norms.
homelessness not taking care of our American people 
inflation
racism, bigotry & homophobia 
woke agendas and letting simps and wimps whine their beliefs into all our lives
current democratic party
economy and security 
Economy/inflation
economy,illegal immigrants, Democrats 
Education, Inflation, Healthcare, drugs, mental health, budget deficit
The economy prices for food and gas.  Raising cost of electricity, heat while minimum wages stay the same.
Divided and not wanting to work together on issues.
possible loss of democracy
Health care for Veterans, Health care in general, misuse of funds
illegal migrants
crime, immigration, and wars
Economy
division of race
Women not having control over their own bodies
ecomomy and inflation
HEALTH CARE
Medicare. Social Security
Honesty, Accountability, and Integrity among Americans and those in positions of Leadership/Power.
security - border security, protection from enemies
There.are only 2 sexes. The transgender nonsense needs to stop. There are too many illegal immigrants in America. They commit crimes and make our country dirty and unsafe!
Trump and all his lackeys
fascists are taking over currently. musk has Treasury access. etc etc
incoming administrations disregard for the constitution.
For-profit health care 
SK
protecting democracy
Inflation, Middle class Americans cannot afford the basic necessities anymore. 
war Trump pest a lot of countries  they why i live in looking over my shoulder if elect we are in big trouble 
Decline in personal morals, partly as a result of removing Christianity from the public square. 
whatever Trump and Elon are doing. getting rid of OSHA and FAA people is terrifying
public Schools 
low economic confidence in growth for 2025 for middle class families, especially due to cost of goods. 
trust rule of law
SK
The Deportation of Haitan people 
how divided Americans are 
Economy,im on a fixed income and its very difficult
Illegal Immigration
Economy. Everything costs to much. prices continue to soar.
Open Borders. Illegal immigration. Soft on Crime prosecutors!
immigration, militarily 
Immigration, inflation, government spending
miss information. Wrong people being elected 
Education
The government is doing what's best for the individuals involved and not the greater good. Laws should not prevent people from living the life they want to live if it doesn't put anyone else at risk of harm.
humam trafficking brain washing mental torture national reorganization is something thats needs to be done or has been done im sure im once again a terrorist or a Russian spy now 
I don't know if this is the most important problem, but I do think it is a big one. For me to think what the most important thing America faces right now I would have to think a lot longer and harder than I am willing to dedicate to this. I think a huge problem right now is the anti-American sentiment across the country. This goes both sides. The right hates the left the left hates the right. The left is more adamant that all American cultures and things America does it the worst thing in the world. The right hates where America is going and honestly more anti-American because they are willing to overthrow the government in order to put their leader into power because of the mere mention that it could have been a hoax when there was no significant evidence to show the voting in 2020 was bad. There is a huge divide in the country right now and we cannot come together to fight for America as a whole, every side claims the other is anti-American and in a sense they are both right. I think that if some country were to invade us right now (this would never happen but most likely would be Russia or China) the right or left would abandon the country because they would think the invaders have every right to invade us because we are such a bad entity in the world and how America is the worst thing ever. I think this is sham and America is actually the greatest. I just think right at this moment we are not showing it. 
Economy inflation cost of living
inflation
inflation is biggest problem
economy is going downhill 
 thank you no
racism still
Listen and respect each other and work as a team and not fighting or arguing with each other. Not working toward a compromise that works for the benefit of all
break down in the family unit 
get along with each other 
 immigration we need to know who is coming in and where they are going 
big business, corrupt government 
allowing child sex changes against parents wishes
THE RISING COST OF THE ECONOMY. GAS PRICES. AND THE NEXT PRESIDENT
money. lack for med familys
climate, Russia
Lack of compassion/empathy for minority groups. Excessive wealth inequality, and resultant concentration of power and wealth in a few rich people. Rise of Christian nationalism.
women having the rights and voice to their own bodies without gov interference
economy, racism
Racism;  It is prevalent to often in this country 
the growing distance between the very rich and the rest of the people
attack on democracy 
social issues, injustice, polarizing politics, fading middle class, immigration 
wages- fair wages that match cost of living
Illegals - criminals being let into our country to commit horrible crimes
Women's Rights, we are losing ground where we once were the strongest in this area.
The rift that Trump and the Maga followers has caused to divide us and create havoc that is testing our democracy. As much as we have become informed and educated, some people are just too stupid and self-serving to listen, see it, and learn. 
immigration should be handled mercifully
guns... gun control
immigration of undocumented individuals 
affordable housing 
women's (human) rights
I think the country's intuitions are so broken and are not working for so many people. This led to anger and the drive to burn it down / break it.  That's how you get a criminal moron for a president.  Now we will see how he takes a wrecking ball to everything.  I've been a republican my whole life.  Never missed an election.  I imagine a benevolent dictator destroying the totally disfunction parts of our government.  Then run elections and step down, but that's not reality, is it?  
illegal immigrants
Getting Taxes DOWN, we are taxed to death and beyond, the grocery prices are too high, we are now facing monopolies in businesses again which should not be happening and should be broken up, Medicare is for those who paid in and for Americans only, no immigrants.. 
inflation, immigration
assault weapons on the street
taxes, high gas prices
Division/stubbornness between political parties
Economy and political divide
money
safety. crime is too high
Economy
Homelessness No funds for low income families
job and houses 
Housing Crisis: Zoning preventing multi-family homes from being built, private interests buying out areas and setting high rates, high interest rates, record low affordability.
I cant really pinpoint so much is so wrong
I think there should be term limits in the Senate and House of Representatives. There are too many lifers in there just for the money and retirement.
unstable economics
Gun control, sending aid to Israel, reproductive rights, public education 
Political Division
bad economy.. no good jobs.. 
economy price of living inflation
Economy

immigrants
Unity- both party's working together instead of having this great divide between Republicans and Democrats. We the people!
Homelessness and systematic poverty
Having a president elect that lies and is vindictive
trump has no idea how to run a government...he is all about himself and money
high food costs
taking away womens right of choice concerning abortion
oligarch running the country.
Our political parties are  is too concerned with their own needs and agendas rather than what is good for the country as a whole.  Rather than reaching compromise they have to have their own way or it's wrong. 
Illegal immigration, economy, and crime.
religion, gun violence, homeless, poverty and economy.
Immigration Budget
Immigrants causing crimes
this country is divided
poverty, war, global warming, rise in cost of EVERYTHING 
economy is poor 
inflation, weak foreign policy. mega bills, corrupt politicians 
Womans rights, mainly to their own bodies. Trans rights. overall, human rights.
Immigration, crime, economy, health, war, our involvement in global affairs
economy , immigration, housing, taxation 
Immagration is a huge problem. The number of people here illegally is a huge burden on our economy. They are also a huge part of the problem with the lack of fair wages. They are a burden on the healthcare system. Eventually it causes higher prices making it harder for citizens to have decent healthcare. Immigrants are a huge drain on everything in the United States. It isn't fair to people that migrate here and go through the proper channels to do so. Plus it is not fair to all the people who had to pay to become citizens.
The people in this emotional feelings about everything
Divisions in our country and President elect trump 
racial , hatred, financial, employment, big companies gouging tax payers, cost of living as rent, food and gas are ridiculous priced high and unaffordable 
the next 4years
climate change and political rhetoric
Donald Trump's nominees for top federal jobs
Cost of Living.  A family's inability to earn a decent living to take care of their responsibilities.  
Capitalism going rampant since the Reagan era
immigration and helping non U.S. citizens 
politicians and healthcare ceos blow
Donald Trump & his project 2025
illegal people  taxes 
politics.  wage and equality.  women's rights.
political divide, reduction of rights, wealth disparity, rich not paying enough taxes
I believe the greatest problems facing this country are the increasing gap between the top 4% of Americans and the rest of the country. I grew up middle class and as a full time employee now, I remain middle class but I see myself slowly shrinking closer to poverty than my parents had growing up. I also think the potential abolishment of the Department of Education is a giant threat for this country and we will see an increase in Americans defaulting on these loans or bankrupting. Finally, I fear for the rate of inflation under Trump as tariffs begin.
Cost of living
Economy, illegal aliens
Decent housing. Holding landlord accountable 
Affordable Housing, Price gouging
racism 
The cost of food, fuel, necessities - the all encompassing inflation post-Covid.
Economy, Gross Government Spending, Immigration, Foreign Policy, the list goes on...
Democracy and unity
The MAGA cult and Trump are the biggest problems for this country.  
economy inflation
border problems
inflation, border security, crime,sanctuary cities,no school choice 
economy;political division
economy- inflation
Inflation and woke America 
affordable housing
Transgender and Illegal immigrants
economics economy 
Lack of trust and our belief system is greatly compromised. 
Economy, Inflation
Racism
Pay inequality/inflation, Things are expensive... companies keep putting more and more out of reach. 
Honesty and corruption 
homeless people 
abortion.  child care.  inflation.  
the border protection and big pharmaceutical companies influence over everything.
hate for other people
economy, crime, immigration, deep state 
Abortion being banned
Racism …understanding how racism interacts, interfere and is interpreted in daily society.
Womens health & reproductive freedom, Gun Control, healthcare
general unrest. distrust in the educated. class divide. normalized hatred towards trans people. women's reproductive rights. inflation 
SK
Loss of democracy 
Country is divided
Rising costs
The division of society in general
SK
political divide.   racial divide 
Economy. Everything is too expensive.
collapsing economy, border control, sex/child trafficking, stop core math in education, crime, inflation 
donald trump.  lack of support for the public education system.  tax loopholes for the wealthy
Inflation, lots of other issues tie into this issue.
modernity, and standards lowering
Supreme court decisions
Inflation
everything is rising in price but our paychecks are not
Inflation & basic cost of living 
Economy - no one can afford homes, groceries, or gas
the economy and the division of groups of people 
inflation. cost of living is more then what anyone can afford and min wages isn't enough to cover rent) mortgage cost of food utilities all of the above 
Education and lack of support for educators.
the price of groceries
SK
To much of our products are made overseas, we need to make more in the U.S., so what if it costs more, at least the money stays in the U.S. and to it's American people. 
terrorist attacks and migrant problems
Economic inequality
.don't know 
Crime, ecomomics, outsourced jobs, lack of good jobs, immigration, illegal immigrants, Mental health, Transgender in womens sports, Transgender
the border. crime. imagration. the missing undocumented children 
Educated focus; defining a goal and taking steps to achieve said goal. For example, asking a question and verifying the question asked is answered without getting emotionally distracted. 
As a socially liberal, fiscally conservative white woman, we gotta start at women's, lgbtq+, and minority rights as well as creating a safe way to help immigrants so they can enter the country legally without alt right losing their minds. Human rights are always number one, it's the bare bones of freedom, literally.
we take care of other countries before taking care of our selfs
cost of medical care
immigration. (sorry for the bad punctuation - I'm recovering from a procedure on my right hand) 
there needs to be term limits for senate and congress and an age cap as well. 70+ year olds dont know what 30-40 year olds need.
inflation- price of food, housing, basic necessities 
Democracy, economy, environment
high prices. I'm on social security and I have less $$$ available for spending besides groceries and bills
cost are rising and pay is not
economy, border, abortion 
Economy Immagration
economy, illegal immigration, wokeism 
economy       prices are too high 
country is becoming more and more divided between the parties. 
Trumps leadership and lies and plans to undue everything Obama & Bidenhave done
corporate greed
racism, fascism, poverty, rising prices, hatred toward others
wages need to be higher
The turning of America toward fascism. 
The destruction of the family unit and the celebration of depravity.
Illegal immigration
I think our government does more than good.  They are more interested in money and their own interests than the good of the people.  Greed is going to destroy us.
Economy
illegal migrants
Open border. Not properly vetted.
Southern Border, Economy
immigration, crime and inflation 
removing our rights 
Inflation
Homeowners & Car Insurance
The united states is NOT UNITED. It is almost as if we are going back in time. Last weekend a group of men walked the streets of Columbus with Nazi flags screaming racial obscenities. We are facing a huge problem and it is racism and separation.  
I believe that every human being in this country should have health care. I believe that housing should be available for low income as well as high income families.
national debt from 1775 to 1980 debt approximately 2 trillion dollars, 1981 to 1988 6 trillion dollars, now 32 -34 trillion
poverty & inflation
I am unsure 
we need a wall around us like every other country does... take care of our own FIRST.. if you're breaking down from the inside and cant take care of the United States first then you simply CAN NOT help anyone else.  or a civil war.
mental health and how it leads to other problems like gun violence and suicide rates
broader control  senoir care
ECONOMY PEOPLE FEEL IT IS NOT IN THERE FAVOR. I BELIEVE IT IS OK.  PEOPLE ARE JUST OVER SPENDING.
disability claims, social security insolvency, trump running the country, federal spending/deficit. 
economy police immigration 
fix problems with voting in presidential candidates/ criminals should not be allowed to apply 
Racism
Poverty, homelessness, inflation, hatred, fear
Environmental problems
social media and the hate it breeds. the “me too” movement.  
Border security
SK
healthcare, inflation, fair wages
National Debt/Economy
Taxes Hate
Trump hijacking our democracy
the enforcement of the laws already established in our country. 
money in politics / corruption
illegal immigration other countries feel like have power over us 
mental health- quality healthcare- even my doctor that had a lump found during routine mammogram had to wait two months to be seen.
Respect for differences and authority
illegal immigration
Illegal Immigration
Immigration. Health Care
immigration  just let anyone in.the children being taken advantage of by government and Mexican cartels 
immigration is a Hugh problem for America. the economy is also a problem. prices are too high and people can't afford their bills now that so much went up. 
More than one, but the top problem is the open border. They have allowed criminals and terrorists into the country and we will see another 9/11 style attack on a larger scale.
threat of war with Russia and China
enabling lazy people 
economics.  pay scale vs cost of living …negatively affects me
immigration, soc.security, health insurance 
need to close the boarders .people are dieing from drug overdose 
economy border crime international 
economy inflation 
Crime Abortion 
Supporting public schooling, immigration, 
Corruption is rampant, misuse of funds, aid, etc.
Political divisiveness 
illegal immigrant
Illegal Aliens 
border security, homelessness, economy, big government 
economy and border security. 
Democrat party.
Economy Inflation
economy too weak
racism, our country is very devided and not getting better.
immigration and the cost to government to manage and provide benefits to these people. most are gaming the system and yet nothing is done
economy, the inflaton rate, the price of essential goods.
border security, out of control spending, honest politicians, inflation.
economy and immigrants 
immigration, national security, national debt, economy, China 
Inflation and costs of foods
illegal abuse of drugs/addiction causing homeless population
cost of living/salary not matching cost of living
 project 25 & what's coming w/ new Trump administration
INFLATION, TYING ALL THE INTERNATIONAL COUNTRIES TOGETHER.  WE HAVE OUTSOURCED MANUFACTURING, AND JOBS. OUR ONLY INDUSRY IS SERVICE.  WE NEED MANUFACTURING WHICH PAYS A LIVING WAGE. OUR YOUNG PEOPLE ARE LOSING THIER WORK ETHIC
not enough unity 
Human rights - women, immigrants and LGBTQIA+ people do not need the government controlling every aspect of their lives. We are supposed to have certain freedoms in this country, and that includes the ability to work toward an individual's vision of the American Dream without the government infringing on the right to make personal decisions. 
Influence of PAC and donor money on politicians and the graft, corruption and inside dealing  that follows
prices on gas and groceries 
healthcare cost
divide between rep and dem
gun control
immigration, inflation
immigration-illegaal aliens
Influx of Illegal Alliens
Illegal Immigrants
We have lost Christianity in our culture today. People are no longer allowed to have a difference opinion without getting mad or violent.
border control. inflation
illegal aliens national security 
WW3- the potential of entering a nuclear war with Russia 
the immigrants coming in
extreme division among the people and big corporations interference with the government runnings
I'm inflation and housing prices 
the economy. The housing market is terrible. moving up pay rates just keeps getting negated by the amount of inflation. I just want to be able to buy a home.
na
the way black people are treated is wrong
lack of being able to have a discussion between parties
The DEI movement is destroying the credibility of the country. People are being hired/promoted based on their ethnic groups as opposed to their merit. 
the economy. Wages are low and product is high
economy job's infrastructure 
devisiveness. political  partisanship
poverty The lack of resources and help for those who are less fortunate than others
gas prices, food prices, home renting or owning, school systems, laws etc 
equal housing opportunity. equal employment opportunity for felons. cost of living is outrageous and jobs are not paying to compensate the increased costs.
the high cost of food, gas, utilities, life
Inflation/out of control federal spending, Uncontrolled Immigration, Bloated Federal Bureaucracy, Government censorship, Political Abuse of the Judicial System (Lawfare), Out of control Federal Agencies and Citizen surveillance (FBI & CIA) 
Keeping the democracy intact, job security and fair wages, healthy food, feeling secure 
Stupidity
Crimes committed by people in high places being swept under the rug.
cost of living increasing daily 
electoral processes
inflation of grocery prices.
national debt and inflation.
Economy
division. The country is divided on what is best for it
economy prices too high on everything 
war with Russia 
health care cost and access
economy.everything has increased to the point not all can afford
Economy
Foreign Affairs 
illegal immigration
rules not appling to the rule makers
Inflation, border, gas prices
immigration, The woke movement should be abolished
government spending 
illegal immigrants, economy
illegals should not be given money or any benefits 
tax cuts for the wealthy, high property taxes, too high health insurance
middle class families and workers are not being looked after and supported
economy is horrible. blue collar works can't afford to buy groceries 
the government spending money poorly
so many we are on our way out 
economy no one can afford anything. Rich get richer, poor get poorer. 
The corruption waste and abuse of the tax money by elected and un-elected people in Washington DC.
NULL
Boarder and economy 
jobs
Russia - possibility of war 
illegal immigrants
economy with wasteful spending by the Biden administration
no hegira 
the cost of living.  alot of homeless people
high food prices 
Health Care
i have no clue i do not get envolved in stuff like this
mental health support 
Durgs
prices on goods
open borders are allowing for many undocumented residents 
Poor economy
economy, border security, abortion, social security, 
affordability of goods & services
this country needs to have more unemotional reasonableness in governing this country while eliminating personal disdain/ be open-minded for topics/attitudes they/we find disagreeable.
inflation. prices of groceries. probably 75% if not more of Americans living paycheck to paycheck 
illegally immigration 
Border Crisis--crime
Debt, immigration enforcement, lack of justice enforcement (police are fine, courts are soft)
illegal immagrants coming into the country doing things they should not be doing
Border Security
Donald Trump is going to put this country and its people in dire straights along with the rest of the world.
Insurance cost, social security
womens health autonomy 
lots of problems. importing stuff that we have here in the states. debt. lots of things
OPEN boarders! 
Economy, inflation, and loss of morals 
Illegal immigration/border control
illegal immigration
border security 
Forcing ones political views onto another + the state of the current economy
border security inflation energy
division, economic, sovereignty 
the biggest problem is honestly making sure the USA stays out of war and helps its own country 
racism, economics
inflation too damned high
big business running everything with their use of money (greed)
people that need help with everything rising prices and inflation 
BIG Government corruption
unaffordable healthcare 
women's rights 
Financial repair and Border control
People harassing, rioting, & protesting due to different political beliefs. Transgenders using wrong bathrooms. Joe Biden & Kamala Harris pissing off Foreign leaders.
boarders , everyone should be treated equally.
markets going to crash
immigration is the biggest issue 
Gun Control, Women's Rights, Housing Crisis and Environmental Crisis.
supporting the soldiers an their benefits along with raising or pays 
economy and inflation 
Political Division
The government is too concerned helping other countries instead of there own. 
Immigration, Inflation , Lack of really good leadership.
Donald Trump, his agenda and proposed cabinet
Donald Trump being a dictator, US Supreme Court radical decisions from conservatives, the Maga movement is bad, pollution 
Too much concern for foreigners
maga republicans
Food islands in rural American, and in general, how unaffordable the economy is. 
illegal immigration
Economy
The budget Defict
Inflation is one of the biggest problems but not the only one. Since Covid the price of everything has increased. The poor and retired people have a difficult time trying to survive. No one in the government is thinking about what is happening to these people. Since this government has caused it, there won't be an immediate solution. 
abortion, crimes, inflation
out of control spending
screwed up morals
Our democracy is at risk, the new administration policies, our newly elected president is a convicted felon and a lunatic. 
housing, child care, drug use
student loan debt
we against one another 
The border it's too many coming in.
IMMIGRATION AND CLIMATE CHANGE
continued economic problems 
THE BOARDER NEEDS TO BE CLOSED, ASAP 1 BIG PROBLEM. WE ALSO NEED TO MIND OUR BUSINESS AND NOT BE IN THE MIDDLE OF OTHER COUNTRIES WAR. WE NEED TO INSURE OUR COUNTRY IS IN ORDER AND ALWAYS READY AND PREPARED FOR ANY EMERGENCIES THAT MAY OCCURE. MAKE SURE OUT TEACHERS AND POLICE OFFERS ARE PAID MORE. HELP GET THE HOMELESS CRISISES IN ORDER.
Inflation on food gas and clothes. 
homeless minimum wages high rent prices
constitutional crisis
cost of living is higher. 
school funding, grocery/rent prices, mortgages, women's rights 
The weakening of Democratic institutions.
la immigration y la discrimination El problema con las armas
divide between dems and republicans
A shift towards a corporate oligarchy with increased division in the populace.
High cost living
Illegals
lack of border control which leads to a lot of illegal immigrants entering the country which in turn creates a lot more issues for Americans.
extremely high spending
debt, illegal immigrants, crime, 
homeless
Trumpism   misinformation  Musk  billionaires
education, equity, racism, poverty, gun violence, equal access to affordable healthcare 
Stripping away of individual rights by Republican lawmakers pandering to the MAGAs
border patrol- letting unchecked people come into the country and unchecked people leave the country without proof of parenthood has allowed unlimited criminals into our country and has raised the rate of child trafficking by a tremendous amount. 300,000 children are missing 
Division, racial tension, economy, lack of accountability for powerful and rich 
The Border, inflation, Iran, Putin
immigration, crime, budget, economony
the immigration problem, along with the border, along with the extra spending of our tax dollars.
Borders are open! We need the borders closed and the wall finished.
The illegal CRIMINALS crossing the borders  is and will be our worst issue until Trump and Governor Abbot are allowed to FOLLOW THE Law and stop the  pouring in of these individuals.    Mayorkas, Biden, Kamala Harris, Chuck Schumer and all of the individuals who supported this just and ONLY just so they could have voters for their party.  EVERYONE knows why they did this and the American people spoke up on Nov 5 and let them know that they didn't want it.  It backfired on them.  Shame on them 
high prices
Donald Trump being president.
Climate change and not enough action to help mitigate effects and hinder the causes
racism, capitalism, unemployment, inflation, equality 
economy: inflation is out of control, job market is down, taxes are too high and I don't have enough money to afford life
War, poverty, illegal immigrants
Economy, Inflation, Immigration, US aid to foreign land. Misuse of US fund to Medicaid, Missuse of US Fund to low income household.
gun safety. I'm scared to send my children to school due to this issue. 
global warming. feeding the planet ineffiently pollution from factory farms
I believe there are a couple of major problems our country is going through at the moment. First, the amount of money and support we are giving Ukraine. Handing them missiles to fire into Russia is a plot of the Democratic Party trying to cause more issues for Trump. and second would be the DEI hires. Hire the best person for the job not based off what they look like or whatever mental illness they have such as identifying as transgender.
gun safety. people should not be owning automatic rifles and endangering children in schools. 
Racism on black and brown 
healthcare, poverty, food poisoning us, economy 
Student Loan Debt
economy  benefiting working class and poor 
Race -Country to divided
idk 
SK
economy, inflation, homelessness, womens rights, climate change global warming 
rule of law, under attack from fundamentalist christian/right wing
Non thinking people
Laziness a lot of people want to hand out. I understand if you need help.But the hand out is different from helping 
Donald Trump, billionaires, and wealth disparity 
Wickedness; the moral state of our country is heavily degraded. This affects everything from crime rates to economic advantages, etc. 
school funding 
Economy is in shambles. People can't afford groceries or their bills. Women's rights and human rights overall are in danger. People in both parties have completely lost the plot and don't understand what actually matters. 
Too many dumb people
President Trump, I don't trust him.
the economy is not good, cost of living is high, rich get richer, poor stay poor, middle class pays for all
Cost of living, groceries, etc.; Childcare; abortions; equal rights
illegal immigration
inflation,lying, being too worried about giving people free things rather than taking care of this country
Immigration - there are entirely too many illegal immigrants coming into the country.
inflation. renewable energy. healthcare coverage. infrastructure. 
People not allowing or interfering in other peoples lives
economy (inflation) food prices, low wages, housing and interest rates
human rights for women, LGBTQA+ people, people of color, poor people
greed , people that have too much money and don't give to the poor or help to cure ill illnesses. Guns should be outlawed.
Unity , there is too much division.
Believing in the lies told by politicians.
Homelessness. In the richest nation on earth, it's obscene.
access to quality education 
The economy, inflation, and the rising cost of goods/housing 
Corporate owned government / lobbying and deregulation
Too many to list
Healthcare Security
people being able to make a sustainable income to survive 
Drugs
Israel's power within the US.
lobbyists special interest groups influencing and political figures lining up to get paid 
communication, health insurance and social security
In my opinion the biggest problems we face are how police and the person in custody react to each other 
housing and medical insurance
racism seems to be increasing all over the country. 
extremist values and apathy for politics 
The most important facing the country is extremist political affiliations that are highly divisive and do not leave room for discourse. The other important problem that has been a problem from the start is the country's issue with race and resisting recognition and accountability of its past and current racial division and discrimination. 
GUNS used in killings murders
Economy is horrible. Everything too expensive.
Crime
Rent control
Trump's fascism and attacks on democracy
women's rights - abortion
Climate change - we need to switch to renewables immediately
Constitutional Crisis caused by Donald Trump and Elon Musk's disregard for the law
Immigration - both sides need to come up with a compromise that does not harm families with undocumented individuals. [CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]
the economy and the prices of food and gas
Inflation.  Costs of food and products makes me change my spending habits.
Economy. People are concerned with jobs, pay, cost of living, retirement.
Priorities of national interest: I don't believe that immigrants are as big a problem as poor education, unequal access to healthcare, and crumbling infrastructure including water, energy, and roads. There's too much focus on anti-transgender, anti-“woke”, and anti-immigrant.
I don't understand the wording of this question. I'm supposed to list the most important problems, and if I only came up with one I don't have to briefly name it? 
Benefitting the rich while ignoring the poor
job wages, housing affordability and accessibility, food prices, reproductive rights 
Inflation
Border security
Working class can't afford lots of things 
Racism
I think the current administration is currently establishing an oligarchy in America,  at the same time removing competent heads of key government agencies to ensure zero push back on power and money grabs that have not been seen  since the fall of the soviet union.  Pieces of legislation have already been submitted that would potentially allow the current potus to run for a third term.
Maga dissension in political parties, often too extreme
political and social division 
Intolerance
infrastructure, healthcare
big business taking over.  income stratification.
Eroding of personal privacy rights
inflation, global warming, immigration, homelessness 
Inflation, poor job market, border crisis, war
DONALD J TRUMP AND WHAT COULD HAPPEN TO THIS COUNTRY AND DEMOCRACY FROM 2025-29
benefits being afforded to illegal immigrants
political truthfulness, immigration, police, human rights, 
Lack of affordable health care options
inflation continues to rise and everything is unaffordable 
Border security
Inflation and MAGA
 Economy, Racism, Funds for Schools, among many more. 
inflation on low income or middle class families 
people are more more concerned with short term items rather than a long-term state of the government.[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]People of the country are afraid to have a woman president 
division, increased poverty, poor public school systems, school to prison pipelines, lack of job training in public schools, defunding public schools, gun violence, lack of well paying jobs, obesity 
women's right, immigration rights, black and brown people's rights, Native American rights, union rights 
abortion,  gun control, 
probably the fundamental broken philosophy that underpins us-our tendency to fasciscm 
employment, 
not sure 
the economy, and immigration matters 
higher skilled jobs & more unity
Economy, jobs, inflation, rising mortgages.
the crime rates are going up and abortion
idk
Illegal Immigration
economy health insurance very expensive 
economy,immigration,abuse of power.
Hate and killing 
tax and the amount of money out country is in debt
Economy...wars...
unclear leadership, no direction that is sound and descriptive. Everyone seems to be flailing
misinformed and under informed public
Hogh cost living and crime 
the economy & conflict over seas
The looting of the economy by the Military/Industrial complex combined with massive offshoring of manufacturing capacity
problem  over Republicans  won all
Border. The open border has created many problems such as serious criminal acts and rapes and murders. Also abuse of children. 
Medical bills, housing prices, debts
Food, housing, economic 
na
crime gun violence. 
terrible economy, racism, sexism, homophobia.. Never thought we would go backwards in time and take away women's rights either. 
racism 
climate... crime... economy 
The economy is suffering in all aspects from hiring people to being able to make ends meet. 
everybody don't have equal rights
illegal emagration
Economy, Race relations
race religion 
economic growth 
Interest rates, unemployment, social security
racism big corporations health insurance trust in the American people
socioeconomic disparities
inflation and immigration 
economic  and crime
Illegal immigration
Class-ism.   Poor education and resources.
Prices of groceries n fuel n housing
Social Security 
The people
immigration/Global warming
illegal immigrants, free trade agreements, CPI, and separation from God. 
How polarized the country is. How isolated and lonely people are since the internet. Oversubscription to college and high fees resulting in too many graduates for the number of jobs available and high student loan costs, low minimum wage, no paid days off, high housing costs. Increasing divide between haves and have-nots resulting in the have nots with zero quality of life
abortion and inflation, social security
the lack of cooperation to do what is needed for the best interest of the many instead of the few
big business and special interest groups ruling the world, computers and electronics taking over, unable to speak to people about problems, everything is algorythms, not much critical thinking going on, changes are being forced on us, rarely does things get better. People are stressed, in debt, addicted to all kinds of substances, education is poor, health care cares little, and government does not have serious service minded people who are educated in governance do I need to go on, the media is sensationalism, entertainment and empty talk, we are being pitched against one another, black, white, hispanic, gay, etc. Most people are only interested in fixing their own group's problem. people are angry, kids unhappy and dysfuntional, school shootings, social media, drugs.  Honestly it seems every American System is broken, the millions/billions spent on political campagnes, while everyday I see American homeless sleeping under bridges, begging for food. Time to quit. I am old, I know it has to start at home in families, communities, but it is very hard to stop the crazy hamster wheel 
distibution of money outside of the US. let the world figure out their own issues and spend that money at home.
economia
costs of living
unsure
The economy within the country is not sufficient for all social classes.
The extreme division between the groups of people that can be roughly defined as residents of large metropolitan areas and suburban and rural areas with much os the issue arising from a lack of understanding of each other's perspective and a lack of a desire of understanding other views typically held by urban dwellers. 
Open borders is causing massive inflation, crime, and adding to the out of control federal spending, slowly wrecking the US economy.
immigration and the e conomy
The fact that we elected a convicted felon tells me that character in a person really doesn't matter. 
violence 
Health care andpoverty, debt, 
putting Donald Trump in office plus letting Elon musk come in and messing up country and trying to change the constitution 
Fake news and spreading false information without consequence.
No safeguards and corruption 
people running the country 
the ability of each voter to really have a say in the democratic way of governing
Divisive, polarized belief systems.
Surviving a second trump term
Trump becoming President again. 
too much bureaucracy and corruption in government 
affordable housing
Inflation
illegal immigration
a lack of unity.....divisiveness 
Cost of living 
Removing God from our government and it's entities
economy, morality, immigration.
mayor attention a veterans disabilities y controller la immigration de los indocumentados
unity politics rift, no more for the good of the people, now it's about the party problem is parties aren't all the people
Politics
jobs need to pay more for hard workers
Border control/illegal immigration
The right qualifications, length of terms, age of people running for offices.
expensive living 
Inability to work across the aisle
The government
illegal immigration, inflation, employment, DEI, woke corporations, Foreign wars (Israel,Ukraine) Chinese and Iranian aggression.
National security. Both from foreign adversaries and at the borders.
tighter gun control
risk of losing democracy
Climate change, bad policies and pollution.
Economy, universal healthcare, police immunity, religious fanaticism, inflation, education
crimen hurtos 
education, inflation, peace, gun reform, trump in office, protect women sports, out of restrooms
illegal Aliens 
Regressive left
homeless people not being cared for
Equity/Equality, wage disparities, and few social safety nets
Feeling  safe going ab
women's rights over their bodies, equal rights for all races and genders, including transgendered, women are not safe in public, especially now that a convicted rapist holds the highest seat of government 
MAGA and the complete disregard for laws (Unless it suits them), Trump, radical bi-partizan politics, a weak and disconnected Democrat Party, the death of the traditional Republican party, results of a poor public educational system. US Nationalism that fails to have a world view,
Inflation. Prices of groceries and everyday things cost too much. 
inflation, cost living salaries wages 
immigration illegal 
human rights and global warming 
erosion of democracy 
People who talk based on emotions and not face.  Fear mongering people who generalize people based upon their preferences, race, religion or other factors.
systemic racism , inflation , chemical in foods, big pharmaceutical 
Too much welfare
economy
we just need to take care of our country & people before others
Wages haven't risen in years, the middle class cannot actively achieve the American dream" we've been encouraged to reach for ... making it difficult to buy homes, afford the rising costs of food and living, and those that have power continue to play games by dividing communities on issues that should be used to bring us together to find solutions that require sacrifice but will help us all in the long run. Instead, corporations continue to get more money and power and a select group of people continue to get obscenely rich while most Americans struggle just to make it from one moment to the next."
BEING RULED BY A DICTATOR ,HOPES HE KNOWS HE CAN ONLY GET RID OF THE ILLEGAL ENTRY ALIENS AND NOT THE ONES WHO HAVE ASYLUM. UNGRATEFUL TO THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR HIM  BY APPLYING TARIFFS AND CAUSING UNNECESSARY HARDSHIP AND INFLATION
Social Media and 24 hours new is causing hate
The Rise of fascism and religious extremism
climate change, the economy, education
DRUGS, THE DANGERS OF INTERNET SCAMS AND SOLICITATION TOWARDS YOUNG PEOPLE. LACK OF RESPECT FOR AUTHORITY. 
NATO, SUPPORT FOR UKRAINE, ALLIES AND HOW THEY VIEW AMERICA SINCE MAGA AND TRUMP, WE HAVE A CRIMINAL AS PRESIDENT. THE DEMOCRATS SHOULDNHAVE STOPPED TRUMP. SINCE WHEN CAN A FELON BE VOTING OR APOLITICIAN. 
taxes, drug costs housing 
Donald Trump too many to list
The economy, Prices are too high, interest rates are too high
economy
lack of respect too much hate
migration  living wages taxes on social security 
inflation, housing insurance
compromise and meeting in the middle for progress
We are a country divided on reality- how can we fix anything?
Gun Control, Immigration, Climate Control
Government spending on unnecessary issues 
Housing Affordability, inflation, Gun culture, unemployment 
Dismissing Christian values
illegal immigration
illegal aliens and poor border security.      inflation 
boarder control 
TOO MUCH FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
Economy/inflation, drugs, sex/labor trafficking, open borders, safety, wars
medicaid laws are corrupt and very outdated. people with disabilities and elderly are not treated fairly as well as people with mental health issues. 
Economy . . . Retail Prices / Mortgage Rates to high
I fear we are going backwards with taking peoples rights away and how bad our economy is getting 
Affordable Health Care
Division. The Divided States of Embarrassment 
their lack of education and understanding basic concepts like tariffs and economic policies 
Divided
No one tells the truth. EVERYONE is greedy.
LGBTIA+ equality.
economy 
National security 
national debt is too high and will cause problem for the next generation 
racial tensions, exploitation of lower class 
cost of living, medical care, wasteful spending of tax dollars
Donald Trump and his MAGA followers.
make it where people can live and not be struggling from payday to payday and make it easier to get jobs and get help and get insurance and stuff like that
Pay Rate
white supremacy 
The Economic.Having enough money to live on
economics are in poor shape 
Children trafficking. weed being illegal because beer is illegal and weed does not kill people but beer/liquor can. why do we still have the lotto but we have tons of homeless people. How are we in debt when we can just print money? The higher authorities is prejudice and racist. everything is expensive but everything is free but the world got to make money off of the world humans. we came take down TikTok but not Child porn. there's obviously something foul about that. 
politician only fight to benefit themselves and their families 
Capitalism taking over every part of our lives and destroying opportunity for the people while enriching a few. 
Opioid addiction :( , Sending money to foreign countries, open borders & monopoly corporations taking over the FDA & CDC!
The open border: Inflation, abortion, and the gay movement
Border Security
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, DEBT, WORLD STANDING
boder, police and corruption
lack of border control  with Mexico during Biden administration.   
Inflation/cost of living
Open borders
ECONOMY.  GET RID OF ELECTRIC AUTOMOBILES.
Racism
housing, illegal immigration, drugs
income inequality, lack of empathy for our neighbors, health care pricing
Economy and illegal immigration
executive branch is out of control 
Donald Trump
economy, border, too liberal, democrats need to adopt more conservative practices
social media which I think has been the most influential in creating a divided country
Lack of educated perspective
Economy. I feel we are facing food problems, money problems
Economy, inflation, 
Political propaganda and misinformation tied to people's emotional weaknesses
Illegals in the US 
Morality
lying main stream media, believing only their positions and beliefs matters. they no longer just give the news and let the people come to the conclusion with all the information. They divide the country. the politicians just lie to us 
Economy and border issues
no border security
 homeless people, housing,crime
rising costs of living 
stupidity and greed

this country is facing 
The rampant white nationalist rhetoric that is being allowed to go unchecked leading to increased homophobia, transphobia, racism, and sexism
you can't afford anything anymore
God being first
Cost of living
I think the biggest problem is the cost of living. 
racisim  
housing rent the price of food gas prices wages, taxes, I could go on but there isn't enough room for me to say everything 
cultural division, radical left, and radical right. radical immigration. public school system
capitalism, poor are being disregarded and made to suffer because they are poor.
inflation is out problem need higher wages 
na I'm Neutral
War
money problems 
government deficit 
inflation is a major problem
Attempts to control our thinking and the lack of unbiased reporting by the American news media.
People forget we have such diversity and try to push policies that don't recognize that
Donald Trump as President-Elect and the choices he has made to fill positions on his staff, in his cabinet, and in other key positions.
border crisis 
lack of trust in the government and its agencies 
border not being secured letting criminals in our country 
National Security
freedom of speech and information 
Borcder control
Unity
illegal aliens straining our resources, spreading disease, committing crimes and potential terrorism 
Division caused by fomenting hate. Unwillingness to compromise. Problem solving takes a back seat to fundraising.
Fascism, authoritarianism, lack of action on climate crisis, wealth inequality and wealth concentration.
economy
bleeding hearts- No $ to help Americans
Racism
economic and social safety net issues for low income people.
involve too much forein country
Social Security. Inflation Insurance rates
immigration - illegal immigrates with violent tendencies who are killing Americans
environmental issue
the cost of goods is out of control
crimes, racism, transgenders 
The border
economic, health insurance, housing 
Immigration.  Lack of control of the borders, the loss of migrant children, 
economy - many people can't live on the money the make along with the cost of living
extremism- no collaboration 
inflation rise in prices on most everything..... health insurance to high to retire
illegal immigrants
inflation       costs are too high 
economy, illegal inmigration 
border security
Impending global war
inflation and rent prices
economy . housing prices
The economy is currently causing many people to not be able to afford basic needs.
dependent and in debt to many outside sources
Inflation
not enough jobs
corporate interest, black rock, corruption, war mongering, erasure of the middle class.. the wealth gap. police corruption. taxation is out of control etc 
I think that our immigration policy's are too lax and that homelessness is a massive problem and people don't want to work because they can get free money from unemployment 
Inflation Immigration
War, Economy failing, lack of jobs.
Guns killing people
Prices to high.
1. The bipolarity of opinions. If you disagree with my opinion, then we have to fight or I have to convince you. I am not willing to listen - this is the general trend I am seeing. 2. Social media causing people to see more of what they want to see. 3. Economy going down, people getting richer or poorer. Poor people can't dig themselves out, yet the society is training them to not having to stand on their own. Bigger corporations monopoly and driving small businesses out. 
The economy is the most important problem facing the country right now
One major problem is inequity when it comes to medical treatment of whites and blacks in the U. S.
high prices of goods
jobs poverty  people are not working an can't afford things prices of goods housing etc
MAGA disregard for the rule of law
International Conflicts
Jobs, economy, immigrations
economy, political environment
late stage capitalism, climate change, regressive constraining back of equal rights, attacks on the right to vote, gerrymandering
Hunger among kids, You cant do anything without offending someone, no respect for our country
Trump's appointments
economy and mental health 
I think one problem is the nutritions isn't important/included in common foods. 
SK
n/a no idea
economy and illegal immigrant status 
Disrespect for our constitution
our economy is weak . some amwricans  are working hard and it seems many are not.inflation is making it more difficult to rise to upper class 
anger- depression
National Security, Immigration, Economy, Moral Problems
immigration, the border needs to be more protected. and the immigrants that have criminal records need to be sent back to their country. 
trump
I believe our economy is in disarray and that our poor stance against China and other foreign countries is to blame.
Attacks on democratic freedoms and institutions. 
LGBTQ+ issues and discrimination; women's rights to abortion; taxation of middle class and not the wealthy; having a vindictive crook for a President.  
Housing costs: young people cannot afford to buy homes; some rents are too expensive
THREAT TO DEMACRACY
Health & economics
border out of control
Economy
inflation,families are unable to pay for food
Immigration, Borders, trade deficits, crime, Muslim Terrorists
climate change, gun violence, immigration
Immigration and illegal immigrants
Border Control
la economía. la frontera abierta 
illegal immigration
Young people not finishing school. Babies born to teens who are then unable to finish school or work unless in low-paying jobs. This continues the cycle. Trade schools should be re-implemented in middle/high schools to train students how to make a living in a field they might actually be able to find a job in.
Attitude, Clusters of choices based on minimal inputs of the populace based on ideas from cliques.
homeless and the poor
the spread of misinformation 
The boarder
oil prices are extremely high because the democrats want to stop drilling and buy from other countries.
Racism...This is one of the most important topics
Economy rising in prices.
i believe there are many problems that need to be addressed. the number one is the propaganda that has been spreading in the US since Europeans came to the native land. history has been lied about, government is not for the people it is to control their minds instead of allowing them to be free and the banks are frauds and so much more 
Education is failing us and the government is owned by the big businesses that want to keep people stupid and poor.
money low income need more help 
People in government abusing their power and not helping the people.
immigration economy jobs healthcare 
Inflation is hurting middle class americans
health care any human being shouldn't be denied life saving medicine or procedures 
economical disparity 
Resolving domestic issues 
To many taxes.  Our forefathers rebelled for much less in taxes. We are being taxed into poverty.
racism and white nationalism 
poverty, the poor are overlooked while big plans are made to bring in more income by building new buildings and improving infrastructure 
No longer being united. Too many groups want to stand out and raise awareness of their culture or group because they believe they're more special or unique than others. America is a melting pot which means we all need to come together instead of trying to separate ourselves. 
taxes and the way they are spent 
NULL
U. S. National Debt is surpassing the level of interest the country can pay without slashing fundamental needs. We need to seriously limit discretional spending, military over-spending, and government pensions. There are many more things that could be cut--but we could start there.
gun drugs sex traffic 
Deficit spending
The price of everything is too high.
economy/inflation, gas prices, border protection/immigration, rising healthcare costs, election integrity, government spending and transparency 
Murder of unborn babies. 
illegal immigration 
cost of groceries and living
division / economic disparity / 
The Border crisis, the economy, overspending, democratic crime
national security 
borders need to be closed   inflation needs to be stopped and lowered   taxes are too high
The illegal Drugs coming in from outside the country
women's rights 
trumps racist magna people
extreme division fueled by politicians, media and social media
housing, food & health, health care
defense and the economy 
big business being able to do whatever they want with no repercussions
Lack of decent health care for the poor.
Education, family stability, partisanship, housing
illegal immigrants and the financial state of our country
illegal immigration/border invasion 
Bad government
the economy is horrible 
equality for women, people of different races, backgrounds etc. 
A general observation of OPINIONS being construed as JUDGEMENT and attaching emotions" such as like/dislike to something as a driver - I think the "do you like" questions asked before in this survey kinda touched on that"
homeless in America 
Inflation
No Comment 
SK
Radical beliefs 
Declining Health
our borders should not be ipen
Domestic Violence
SK
inflation and cost of things
Education. Public Education needs an overhaul 
Non-parallel relationship between wages and cost of living.
Illegal Immigrants
Costs of goods too high
High interest rates.
inflation high prices. high insurance high HOA FEES
Economy,national security and race relations 
Illegal Immigration
Assault weapons and how easily they are obtained. 
people don't know their identity in Christ 
I think we need to avoid letting the media and politicians try to divide us as a country.
Economy , immigrants, giving money away to support non Americans. inflation 
social security for older people possibly be changed.
threats to democracy 
We need to fax the rich or they should pay there fair share
To much division
Medical Insurance
bigotry and Trump
Inflation is a huge problem and the cost of living is a major problem. 
Inflation, Anti Christian sentiment, War, AI.
The economy and open border.
safety of our homeland
The most important problems to me in the Department of Education, women's rights, LGBTQ+ rights, taxes, inflation, and holding politicians and others with power accountable for their actions.
deficit spending on things that we should not even be doing
economy - people can't afford housing, food, etc
Inflation, immigration, crime
The economy and national debt are a mess.
border security, inflation, DEI, lack of God even though that used to be the cornerstone of American values, health care, the economy, education system, our government and corrupt politicians.
economy- inflation is to high and hurting most people.
no control over the border wall
Unsecured Borders
Inflation 
immigration and the need for maga to deport everyone 
racial divide , inflation , healthcare and education 
poverty and price increases 
economy and undocumented allies 
Inflation Immigration
Inflation, cost of living
oligarchy, racism, fascism, authoritarianism 
Housing/rental pricing
Economy, focusing on the people well being than transferring resources to other countries 
the incoming administration 
treating all people with respect and granting them their civil rights
getting back to civility.  
classic racism 
poverty, cruel immigration policies, affordable housing 
border control, tax for the wealthy, 
corporate greed and homelessness 
DEBT- We need to stop giving other countries so much money. Once we have solved our homeless, especially veterans, then maybe. In addition, we need to put our foot down with the illegal aliens. We don't owe them anything and they are using up all of our resources. This country needs to worry about the United States before we worry about other countries.
border control 
cost of living 
Healthcare costs
Economics and the power required for politics.
security and safety of American Citizens 
Demonization of expertise, experience, and research/evidence-based learning/processing/governing. 
immigration and economy
Abortion availability to women
Racism Inflation Greed
the people of the US are decided.  crime is a huge issue.  immigration 
holding on to Demoncracy
Democracy too many lies 
Climate change
Unfair elections 
Freedom
I feel that Congress is not doing their job.
prices are out of control but there is NOTHING I can do about it. I worry about my retirement & my family
Immigration, Russia,China, Middle East
immigrants , work on securing our boarders, gas prices, interest rates..
economy is in the pits
Poverty and segregation. As a collative We the people could uprise and come together. Designated Survivor thing. 
Immigration control.
economy immigration
Inflation is high
Fixing the Border.
Economy
The cost of living has to be reduced every year, and return the bad immigrates
inflation , border crisis, apathy 
border security
economy, border and defense
Econy
Inflation
Greed
economy , it's in the toilet.
economy, prices are high and incomes are stagnet.
everything is a problem 
decay of manufacturing jobs
dividedness between citizens
The Price of everything is to high
spending money where it's not needed 
I don't know
homeless
The National Literacy Institute reports the literacy of the majority of Americans is between the 5th & 6th grades.  Republicans consistently vote against public education & public health.  Am. elected a convicted criminal as President and a man who meets Am. Psychiatric Assn. Diagnostic Criteria for both Antisocial and Narcissistic Personality Disorders.  Right wing media has been very successful in their business model of fomenting anger/resentment by mis. and disinformation.  The tipping point was when the Republican Party reached their goal of Alternative Facts."  Social Media has also been poisonous in regard to "fact-checking."  American is moving toward right-wing oligarchy.  Working class people are voting against their own interests.  Democracy is at a dangerous tipping point.  "
inflation, spending, weakening of world strength 
economy, immigration, nuclear war
the economy, the inflation due to corporate greed. illegal immigration, its a broke system but the optics do not look good when illegals are receiving money, lodging, phones, etc… while there are homeless, vets, people barely making it…. now don't get me wrong I'm sure a lot of people are living beyond their means and not making frugal choices.  Pushing the LGTBQ+ agenda 
corruption, money in politics, wage stagnation, housing costs
the most important problems to me are inflation causing everything to be more expensive, and loss of values as Americans  and the loss of religious values to this country that help guide us in everyday life 
Inflation, Healthcare
To many illegals
poverty and racial issues
corporate big business...
equal justice Lawfare No equal justice when the other party does something wrong and they only Try to prosecute a candidate and the other side is doing worse things and not prosecuted for it
I don't know how to answer. 
seperation division 
cell phones are not baby sitters 
economy! everything costs too much and it's making worki
Wasted spending on trash projects
Donald Trump
Eroding democracy 
abortion  should be banned .
maga idiots no
economy, high prices on everything
inflation and medical
Financial hardship, poverty, government handouts for those who choose not to work, denied disability for those who cannot work
National debt will eventually cripple our economy. The current rate of spending is unsustainable. 
immigration, economy, child trafficking
Illegal Immigrants
I think the most important problem is the school shootings. Children shouldn't fear for their safety at school
Our border and economy.  The border imposes security issues and also is causing economic strains on having allowing provisions to illegal immigrants.  The economy is causing everyday citizens to have to struggle to make ends meet.
trustworthy 
healthcare. inflated cost, poor coverage. 
Racism, The people wanting to get rid of Hispanics in general.
putting the American people first
immigrants and housing 
Racism, LGBTQ community, minimum wage, women's rights
Division and hate
The economy has to be the most glaring concern. people are struggling in so many areas financially. Housing , groceries, gas , essentials. Everything has gone up and salaries/ wages haven't. There are many other causes that are worthy of attention, but if people aren't able to cover their basic survival, those other issues have to be put to the side until that is fixed.
cost of living with big corps setting prices up up up
government in control 
low I.Q and misinformation 
racism 
inflation, unable to afford to live 
Inflation is to high
 national debt 
people depending too much on the system to take care of them. Lazy people that don't want to make an honest living. 
border security, inflation, economy, social security 
I feel like we are not together as a nation to much individualism 
Cost of living
loss of Freedom of speech
economy, medical insurance, taxes, unfair blatant racism 
Trump being president 
hate
illegal aliens. the criminals that are let into this country are a huge problem.
everything is to expensive 
Cristian nationalism, racism, political climate, women's' rights
Way middle class is treated financially
THE RATE OF INFLATION
try to let people know how thing really are good bad I don't know 
political divisions- not putting America first
people suffering from increased living costs but no increased pay. those that works for a long time at the same company get no pay increase when costs go up because they make more than minimum wage already. but minimum wage doesn't cover enough either 
econemy, poverty, unemployed Americans 
border security 
illegal immigration
emigration, inflation and over priced housing market and auto market
soaring prices 
Inflation, the border, LGBTQ+, Nato, war
anti corruption. terromism. 
foreign affairs
illegal immigration 
Unity/ Making America Great Again
homelessness and veteran care
MASS ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, OPEN BOARDER CRISIS, MORE FARMING NEEDED ASAP, 2nd AMENDMENT AT RISK, TRANSHUMANISM TRASH, PRICES OF FOOD
rule of law being ignored and manipulated for personal and political gain. 
Having a convicted felon/White supremacist/fascist in the White House and half the country voted for him.
A divided country
“corporations are people too”, Christian nationalism ( these people aren't Jesus followers),supreme court, rich are above the laws, wealth inequality, lack of the right to health care,,,,,,,
illegal immigration for the sake of voter manipulation
border and economy 
Immigration.  We need to have a clear path for Immigration.
immigration economy
  The Party over Country mentality.
the economy and inflation, illegal immigration 
illegal aliens crossing the southern border unlawfully - and being welcomed with boatloads of taxpayer money and provisions - because the US doesn't enforce laws on the books and is happy to pretend to be the savior of the world!!
Inflation. The cost of living (for Americans with two very good jobs) is astronomical. It is hard to live comfortably and raise 2 kids on today's cost of living due to inflation. The American Dream is dead.
The Mexico border being open to anyone
job market, inflation 
Economy / increased prices on everything with no increase in pay
Immigration
This country has turned from God and it shows.  Aside from that,  economic and health issues are at the very top. 
broader economic growth in usa
need to change up people in charge
MAGA DONALD TRUMP
racial polarization
Inflation of food, gas and home purchases
The rising cost of living, we are slaves to this economy. once i can afford healthcare and groceries ill worry about social issues again.
Climate change, inflation, and crime that includes gun access and violence.
racism , financial
Poverty, Suicide, Burglary, Murder
the world is in a bad situation 
Taking rights away from American people 
crippling infrastructure 
economy is out of control inflation is drastically higher than the narrative the media 
anger about everything
inflation, high food cost
budget not managed
Overpopulation & illegal immigration 
lobbyists should be gone.they corrupt politicians.inside stock market trading. not accountable for there work.only care for them selfs. .need term limits and age retirement. in all parts of government.and qualified people to do the job not who you know.
the border, there is an influx of illegal immigrants in the U.S
high prices for groceries 
Propaganda- in media- lack of truth
Economy, besides fuel prices our general groceries and supplies are way too high.
This country is way too divided with everyone blaming each other instead of taking responsibility for themselves. 
the exo high interests rates 
inflation, affordability of healthcare
civility / respect
We need more access to recycling  
Female rights to their own bodies.
Economy, keeping control of inflation
Misinformation. Corrupt criminal politicians.  Individuals supporting these corrupt politicians.  Human rights
not being able to make any positive , movement, change, no compromise- the two extremes are the loudest.
economy is not good for working class 
Equal rights for all people 
Immigration is a very big problem right now
abortion gas prices housing prices 
Leftist ideology
Republican making bad disagree
Division between everyday people, basing decision off of party affiliation rather than true belief.
divsion if parties/trump
Donald Trump and the MAGA movement
end the fed and the rest would fall in place. Economics has been terrible with high inflation significantly harming Americans bank accounts, the wage gains I made in the last 5 years have been entirely overshadowed by the rise of prices. We are marching toward WW3 and Joe Biden couldnt be happier. Crime is out of control, we need to refund and support law enforcement. The alphabet agencies are out of touch with Americans and clearly work for some other master, then need to be largely fired. 
Everyone has there own personal agenda
illegal entry,  political enrichment of politicians, Supreme court forever appointments
economy,  political division
Donald Trump
cost of living through the roof
I think we need to bring jobs back to the US.  I think the welfare system make it very easy for some people to receive their benifits.  I know of several that are taking advantage of the system because they do not check up and just take their word for it .
Moral decay due to the rise of secularism.
illegal immigration, cost of living because of the stupid handing of oil/gas in the US. 
immigration, inflation, racism
Illegal Aliens
National security(border) and enforcement of laws in place, economy, gender interference from lobbyists and big money, men are men and women are women, lying politicians without repercussion 
Division amongst American people 
Lack of morality.
political education and 
Economy is in bad shape - out of control inflation and ridiculous government spending.
maga, autocracy, corruption, femicide, hate, bigotry, 
racism, homophobia, transphobia, misogyny 
maga control weakens us in every way- socially, economically, environmentally, politically, morally.
sharp divide in politics and no middle ground
lack of unity and care
Climate change; political division (inability to compromise)
Lack of punishment on crime
Gun control, economic disparity, healthcare, the war in Gaza, sexism, racism, homophobia and transphobia
drugs in our  cities is out control
the acceptance of racial, class, gender and sexual identity discrimination as commonplace 
polarized politics, intolerance of others
the MAGA movement including the new Trump administration
Immigrants not getting deported 
economic every thing is more expensive 
CA Government giving away tax payers' free money to support people who does not want to work. Government does not help supporting small business 
SK
climate change.
Misinformation. People cannot make sound decisions based on bad data. Democracy depends on  educated and informed voters.
economy, inflation
hyperpartisanship.
un memployment 
illegal immigrations 
Democracy
poor strongly poor
The racist underpinnings of every structure within our government and history and our inability and unwillingness to address it has affected every aspect of our society and social structures.
Disinformation
There doesn't seem to be a media source that covers all Americans so that they hear both sides of an issue. Conservative Americans don't hear the news that Liberal Americans are hearing and Liberal Americans are not hearing what Conservative Americans hear. Our system of getting news supports the division of our country.
Political extremism
Divisiness on political ideals
Trump and Maga racist views
Economic
The obvious march toward WW3 by our military industrial complex. While our national borders are a total joke, with the huge amounts of drugs and human trafficking happening all the time. Our “high level” State and Federal elected officials are clearly paid for, and corrupt. The buying power of the dollar is shot to hell for the common person who earns a paycheck, while the rich get even richer. The crippling taxes we pay as the “middle class” just to see our tax dollars entirely squandered by government. The media steering a narrative of division between Americans. The open social messaging against masculinity and Christianity. 
Crime and penalties dispensed by the courts
many, but the impending assault on freedoms and public services with the incoming presidential cabinet. 
concentration of wealth in the top 10% 
I think there is an extreme divide in the beliefs people hold and some extreme constitutionalists based on religion. I remember learning about the separation of church and state in grade school and it feels like the government has been the exact opposite of that. There's problems on both sides (please why can't we get away from the bi-partisan party options) but when it comes to basic, common sensical human rights, people have God in mind and/or their personal beliefs instead of leaving it up to the individual. Unfortunately many of these people hold such vile and violent opinions it's disheartening. I understand our country was built on certain ideals but thankfully we have toilet paper (or wait, did electricity come first?) these days and no longer have to write with a feather pen on scroll paper so why is it so important to some people that our ideals stay in the past?
access to education
Economy and inflation. Unregulated artificial intelligence and privacy issues. Unrestricted and inefficient resource consumption for the pursuit of artificial intelligence.
I really don't have nothing to say
global warming and economy issues 
Russia, China, internet attacks of infrastructure and banks
a war cause its not right n fair
The most concerning problems are based on the lack of checks and balances that were imbeded into our governmental systems. The supreme court taking political stands and not being regulated or checked" and the potential that the Senate and House of Reps will not take ethical stances agains illegal actions of this twice impeached felon that has somehow won this presidential election. We may lose our democracy and care for the elders due to not having ethical leadership."
economy and job security
womens rights to their own body and what they can do with it. 
Inflation, climate change, division
white nationalist 
Dis/misinformation
Human rights. Too much hate has been spread by the Maga movement.
Donald Trump; political divisiveness
polarity - differing opinions fueled by social media and tech algorithms, as well as gerrymandering, generally causing us not to be able to understand or empathize with those we disagree with
DIVISIVENESS OF PEOPLE[CHAR(10)]TAX THE 1%[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]
Democracy
The Biggest problem right now that this country is facing is inflation— this has caused the rise of homelessness, unemployment, and the inability to obtain life essentials.
economy and global warming.
Decline to answer at this time.
homelessness and hunger in families 
Our open border and the economy. 
homelessness poverty drug abuse
homeless people
TRULY Affordable housing
Job opportunities
misinformation 
How the Republican party consistently lied to the citizens of our country and get away with it.
the new president elect 
social issues,  people having issues with individuals regardless of their gender or religion 
climate change, healthcare, education, drugs, gun violence
Democracy - Climate Change - Lack of Intelligence 
our democracy/ divided country, women's rights, climate change, drugs
lack of God and morality 
Democrats!
political zealots
border security and illegals
Climate change - we are not doing enough as a society to address it
greed and povert
Trump policies 
Money
political division
equity in health, education
The Capitalization of Healthcare
homeless and the increase in cost of living just continues to increase
Islamophobic ColdWar Anticommunist Imperialism
Economy and illegal immigration financial drain through out the US
I live in the USA. I would say we have a few great issues. Poverty, homelessness, and treatment of the disabled. First poverty and homelessness can be handled similarly. We have a TON of empty abandoned homes all over the usa. Put those non-violent folks in a home. If it is a large home you can put singles in it as a shared option with life coaches supervising. Make ALL of them continue education and do a vocational or job training option (even the disabled who want to work). Limit the number of children that they can have while getting assistance (ends the ones having kids to keep/get more benefits). Have EVERY single one of the adults in a program geared towards education, life skills, counselling, drug prevention/rehab, and work/skill programs. Also make accessible feeding programs in EVERY community with transportation to get there. Things would change fast if this group felt there was hope.[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]Second lets talk about the disabled. Here many of us are treated worse than criminals or the homeless. We are ignored. Many of us want to work. Employees see us as too much of a ‘liability'. It does not matter how well we are trained. Many won't even talk to us about the possibility of a job. This needs to change. Give us training (vocational rehab is a joke where i am), life skills, and tools needed to be able to work. Put us in a job that is in our field choice and make it so there's a probationary period so we can PROVE that we can work just as hard, if not harder, than anyone else. Make it easier for us to go to college!
immigration, high rent , high Mirra gage expensive groceries. 
Democracy.  Social Issues.  Inflation.  Health Care.  Immigration.  Bipartisan Agreements.
Division of Party Inequality
I think the most critical problems are not having affordable healthcare, climate crisis, and equal rights for men and women. 
bigotry intolerance
Economic Disparity
Crime on the streets,Day and night.
SK
effects of climate change 
Racism
treatment of minorities 
Low wages
the vast majority of people voting against what will benefit them, health care, cost of living, the richest 1% holding the vast majority of wealth, 
Economics , security 
economy immigration fentanyl 
Economy, Education costs, Housing and the homeless, mental illness, illegal drug trade
climate change, income equality, racism and homophobia, Israel Palestine and being global power, education 
budget deficit snowballing 
being war mongers
immigration, racism, housing, poverty, climate change, subsidizing war/Israel, guns, children's health, women's rights, gay rights
Destabilization of the economy
immigration people being deported and instability for those that have been here for many years, economy, gun control, human trafficking 
the president and his cabinate choices.
Disrespect for laws, courts. Inactivity on climate change and gun control. Polarization.
--Corporate capture of the federal government. [CHAR(10)]--Quarterly shareholder profit as the main driver of how business is run.[CHAR(10)]--Citizens United. [CHAR(10)]--Broken social contract with the working class (i.e. If you work and play by the rule
Corruption by big donors has made US democracy less responsive to people's needs
Illegal immigrants.
Middle class support is lacking
Division, Lack of basic human rights
imigration-open borders
homelessness
Economy
Disorder, Trashy, Homelessness (California Cities), Corruption, Money for War
divisiveness - nothing progressive being accomplished. feels like we're regressing as a society 
Less government regulation other than environmental. Better control of illegal immigration
middle east chaos
inflation mortgage rates gas prices and food prices 
Politicians putting the public against one another
unity.  We all are wanting to get to the same place we are just in dissagreement on how to get there.
Christian fundamentalism affecting our lives, the rise of fascism and totalitarian issues, the possible harms of de-regulation
Thievery; money being stolen from Social Security by Congress 
economy being able to purchase a home and being able to buy food and pay bills
political divide 
Donald Trump allowing billionaires to influence his presidency for personal gain.
the economy. it is way expensive for everything. 
too many illegal immigrants
The Oligarchy now in full power and their plans to destroy democracy and America as we know it.
1 focus on what your job is, roads and the taking care of the state tell the environmentalists get out of politics. Fires are burning the state because we are not allowed to clear.
Pro life vs pro choice, 2nd amendment rights vs. school shootings, widening gap between the wealthy and everybody else, political war for power instead of at least an attempt to govern, media fueled distrust of everything
interest rates and housing prices
Conservative ideology and actions
The attempt to destroy democracy by the Trump Administration will end our system of the rule of law, checks and balances and three bodies of government that monitor and check each other. Trump is becoming a autocrat. I am terrified. 
trump's agenda
climate change how the plante is warming and how to stop it
Treating everyone as humans with basic rights, but that covers a lot, so I will simplify to education. The reason our country is in trouble is due to the lack of education on how our government actually works. Our education system is broken and it is only going to get worse over the next 4 years.
There's a few, but the fact that rich get tax breaks and the working class is taxed more is creating a huge gap where the majority is living in poverty or one check away for being bankrupt. Prices are too high. The new administration is probably going to make it worse and put the blame on others. 
we no longer understand what a democracy is under the rule of Law. We have grown lazy in communicating truth and understanding of Our Constitution
misappropriation of funds. enabling mentally diseased people. allowing people to benefit from the government by acting like victims. 
immigration, food prices, rents and housing prices, and the economy in general.
Donald Trump, his billionaire allies and the stupidity and ignorance of the American people.
Economy.  I'm concerned about inflation. The cost of groceries and expenses in general.
I feel the most important problem facing us now is illegal immigration.  It has caused major problem with horrible criminals and police that have been crimpled.  it has caused major problems for hospitals and for Americans trying to use them, schools, housing and cities trying to house them. 
Decline of public education
homeless, plan to help homelessness or eliminate.
I could write an entire essay- Biggest problem we have is Donald Trump and the people in congress and senate who consistently lie to the american voters. Scotus is a huge problem, as well. we need ethics for  scotus. Electoral college should be eliminated. Roe put back into place. Lobbyists- politicians are getting into office and then selling out the american people. Our politicians need to be barred from taking financial gain from their offices. Gun should not have more rights than little kids. I could go on all day but..you get the picture. Democracy is dying over lies.
Inmigracion     economia  
we need to stop funding European wars and we need to stop promoting homosexuality as if the condition is normal. we also need to stop lawmakers from overspending our tax dollars and bankrupting our country.
Trump
Financial struggles 
The difficulty in achieving a comfortable and stable life, and the current misunderstanding and hate that people of color, the LGBTQ+ community, and a vast majority of the population receive, and how as a country we feel afraid to voice ourselves and our beliefs simply because there is a chance someone could disagree and attempt to deface you or in some cases physically hurt you. This country hates anyone besides the majority, and its been perpetuated by the upper classes piting us against each other.
Economy
Environmental Concerns and Rising Poverty
inflation. costs have been going up
political parties are not working together for the benefit of the people of the country but waste time fighting each other. in addition, these same people are telling us how we should live and behave, when they dont set a good example and that we should accept everything they say because they think we cant decide for ourselves , they do not value our opinions.
inflation and infrastructure 
Spending of monies
trying to impeach our president 
wealth inequality. corruption. democracy. 
 Corruption of incoming President and his shifting our country to an oligarchy, in favor of the super rich.
Threat to democracy
economy, border crisis (not enough support. not enough judges, border patrol agents, funding), division between parties
SK
Healthcare and economy
Gun violence, basic human rights for all, and inflation.
Inflation prices are rising faster than my money
That we can not get along any more. 
Warped values, economic uncertainty, lack of empathy towards others 
Bills are higher than paychecks. Most people who work full-time cannot afford life. We work 40-50 hours weekly (many are working a lot more) and many of us are struggling to pay rent and all our bills. If we're spending most of our week in dreadful places, away from our families and peace, we should at least be able not to worry about our bills.
division between people 
the government going to war
The economy is tye 
the backslide of women's rights, gun control/school shootings, cyber crimes, inflation, cost of living, climate control, increase of crimes, mental health of Americas, terrorism. 
Homelessness
immigration, economy, women's rights over their body, women's sports and transgender participation. 
the number of people who are homeless and addicted and have mental illness.
Economy, border safety, 2nd Amendment, cancel culture 
debt, people cannot afford to live and people are trying to live off of minimum wage which is supposed to be a starting job, not a supporting job
cost of living, inflation, economics
Climate change is getting better, but if Trump takes office, it becomes horrific.
xenophobia causing division and backlash against minorities 
Hate, division, anger, lack of education
separation between political parties associated with nationalism. 
income inequality, division of American people, housing difficult for 1st time buyers
MAGA, Trump, Elon Musk, Gun control, Violence against the Schools and general population,
For one....electing a person to the Presidency that has no business being in the WH....He is aligned now with Musk to help him run the country..We are going to suffer with  these individuals taking over.  Secondly, the way they want t handle immigration....so afraid of the guy that comes from Guatemala or Mexico..all they want to do is pick tomatoes or lettuce....we should be very afraid of Murdoch, Musk and Thiel....those are the immigrant that have turned this  country into their control... and that is just for starters
Housing/Homelessness, Economic Disparity, Climate Change
Economy and inflation 
illegal immigration 
Immigration has been squashed by the Kamela and Joe Biden. We're overrun by illegals, houseing is short and our tax dollars are being spent to feed & house them, along with medical care. We have way too many unemployed Americans that should be off of welfare and doing the work these illegals are doing.
homelessness, gun control, nationality divisions, religious hatred, crime
The Woke movement, including DEI.   Both take away from the competitive spirit that madke America great.
Illegal immigrants sucking all our resources!
Immigration - open border, use of tax payer funding for illegals, 
green new deal scam rising energy costs, open boarders, to high of taxes
left wing antisemitism 
women's rights, violence, anger, housing costs, fair pay
Americans face a variety of significant challenges today, which vary in priority depending on personal circumstances and political perspectives. The most pressing issues include:[CHAR(10)]1. Economic Concerns:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    Inflation and Cost of Living: Despite easing somewhat since 2022, inflation remains a top concern, with high housing costs and everyday expenses like groceries and energy prices straining household budgets​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    ​[CHAR(10)]    ProPublica[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)]    Federal Budget Deficit: Concerns over national debt and fiscal responsibility persist, with about 53% of Americans seeing it as a major issue​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]2. Healthcare:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    The affordability and accessibility of healthcare, including mental health services, are critical challenges. Rising healthcare costs and issues with insurance coverage leave many unable to access timely and effective care​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    ​[CHAR(10)]    ProPublica[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]3. Immigration:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    Immigration policies, including border control and the status of undocumented immigrants, are divisive but prominent concerns. Approximately 57% of Americans see it as a significant issue, with Republicans prioritizing it more than Democrats​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    ​[CHAR(10)]    ProPublica[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]4. Crime and Gun Violence:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    Public safety concerns, including violent crime and gun violence, are prominent, though partisan differences shape how these issues are prioritized​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    ​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]5. Education:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    Debates over education policy include the quality of K-12 education, access to affordable higher education, and controversies surrounding school curricula and funding​[CHAR(10)]    ProPublica[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]6. Climate Change and Environment:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    While concern about climate change has decreased slightly, it remains an important issue for many, particularly among younger generations and Democrats​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    ​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]7. Other Notable Issues:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]    Drug Addiction: The opioid crisis and broader addiction issues remain widespread.[CHAR(10)]    Political Polarization: Reducing political gridlock and the influence of money in politics are priorities for many Americans.[CHAR(10)]    Social Issues: Topics like abortion rights and systemic racism remain central in social and political discourse​[CHAR(10)]    Pew Research Center[CHAR(10)]    ​[CHAR(10)]    ProPublica[CHAR(10)]    .[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]Broader Context:[CHAR(10)][CHAR(10)]These challenges reflect complex and intersecting concerns that influence not only public sentiment but also policymaking and voting behavior. Addressing these problems often requires bipartisan cooperation, which itself can be difficult to achieve in the current polarized political climate.
The border wall, they need to close the border. 
addiction, homelessness
our economy, inflation, topic of war, 
I think the economy definitely needs to change for the better. there is a lot of divide in the country when I think it would be best for everyone to work together towards a common goal
economy and the constitution
inflation. gun control 
MAGA movement and the trump cabinet
A second Trump administration.
Homelessness, high cost of hosing, addiction and mental health
Healthcare
National debt. We need to pay off our debt.
Gay rights, homelessness, economy, extreme Christian movements
We need to close the border and ensure immigrants go through the correct process to be in this country. With that said, the gov needs to streamline that process. Fuel costs are too high. Groceries are too high. Housing costs are out of control. Health insurance companies are forgetting that the patient is the most important part of the system! We have forgotten that we have the right to not agree with things we don't believe in.  *I also don't want to be told what to buy, what to eat, or how to live. Period.
Immigration, Inflation, housing market, foreign trade, foreign affairs
Foreign affairs, economy, taxes, military, border issues, immigrants, drugs
Are economy, Immigration, safety for the American people and the education of our children 
Threats to dismantle our democratic institutions
People who follow blindly what politicians tell them without researching the issues. 
peoples inability to determine what is true and false.
economy
Government making decisions for individuals with whay they can and do with their own bodies
violence, gun violence, mental Health
the way the politics have several divided the country
Republicans do nothing but oppose any type of progressive legislation. 
division. The country is divided. We all just need to get along
Taxes for single, healthcare, wasting money, giving out money to homeless poor etc. and giving money to other country's
A.I., Chronic Health, Gender ideology being pushed onto minors (especially at really young ages).
It seems that our new President is encouraging hate. People are watching out for themselves and forgetting to help their neighbor.
Divisiveness over politics and a threat to our democratic government.
Economy cost of living is difficult
one problem is the funding of genocide 
woke crap being forced on people
Economy/inflation, American Health
Immigration - They are effecting our economy
Immigration, no protection at boarder to prevent undocumented people from crossing.
Our economy is really hurting mid to low income Americans. Groceries, fuel, housing, utilities are unaffordable.
No freedom. A lot of hidden secrets and lies. 
spEending tax payers money and never let people know where the money is going.  they are giving it to other countries and THEIR PEOPLEthe people need of affordable housing and the homeless need help.  WE SENORS  ARE BEING NEGLECTED AND WE ARE ALWAYS MISSUNDERSTOOD. it's terrifying and wrong. 
Woke-ism Socialism
smart budgeting - raise military wages to match up cost of living
at the moment not sure
affordable homes at a reasonable interest rate. 
1:Illegal immigration   2：America should make every race equal,Instead of letting blacks or Latinos be superior to whites and yellows；3：Democratic states are too corrupt（california for sure waste all funds to the place shouldnt go for）4:I respect gay/les/gender transition/marijuana；but i dont accept put them at legal laws;It will make people have lower principles 5:i think no matter who is preisdent；American people profit should be first important things(american legal people;not those Illegal immigration, illegal birth of children )  we are american;if we live better;then we can help other people in the world ;  if we can not live good ;we dont care about other country refugee
education, guns,
rasim kj
Rising food Costs, gas hikes, to much inflation all around
healthcare ,aid for families 
Inflation, immigration, CRIME, division between different ideologies without being able to dialogue in a respectful way, on demand abortion, poor health standards in food & medicine. 
inflation, cost of living 
inflation
inflation 
Economy
la pobreza, que afecta a los niños, a lo que no tienen, un padre viviendo en casa 
There are very few problems this nation faces that wouldn't benefit from a reduction in population.  Diversity is rarely a strength quite the opposite!  overall I can find no prevailing justification for ANY immigration!!!
gov waste, spending, woke agenda dei
I think there is a lack of education and also begin able to communicate. people think that they have all the answers and won't listen to people on the other side 
ability to live with decent income and build community. there are no places to meet other people or even be around other people. i hate cars. i hate the divide in this country. people think their way of “living is right” when their isn't one way to live.
immigration, Health Insurance and School System 
Border patrol - too many people cross illegally when it is a crime to do so in other countries
deportation and the way it is being handled. at my kids school, several kids came home to their parents gone, and no guardian to care for them. thats wrong. 
economía everything is to expensive
Acceptance of different ideal, trans people, gay people, blacks, lesbians etc.
I believe the most important problems that this country is facing is the cost of living as well as big business/corporations taking advantage of middle to lower class people to make a bigger profit.
Healthcare; homelessness, housing costs
Economy
government spending/overreach
Illegal Immigration is bringing drugs, terrorists and violent crime to our nation at an exceedingly alarming rate and must be stopped.
Rampant spending outside the USA
Protecting democracy, fighting inflation and climate change
The war between political parties + MAGA
profit versus humanity 
saving democracy
Donald Trump and his cabinet appointees
losing our rights
THE DIVISION IN THE COUNTY
Social divide and economy
War in Ukraine, P
economy and inflation 
illegal immigration
immigration…not strict enough
there is no middle ground and no one listens to the other person when talking, gas prices, food prices, prices of insurance, prices of housing - just the cost of living.
Economy Imigration
Divisive politics 
illegal immigration
integrity of leadership
inflation, the rise of consumer goods. 
homeless need housing
*Homelessness       *Inflation                                                                                      *Employee wages not being increased to keep up with inflation and the cost of living                  *Social Security Benefits being reduced
homelessness, financials, Fair housing costs, Inflation, Interest rates,
crimes, tax breaks for the rich, giving arms to Israel or Other countries 
The rise of Christian nationalism, fascism, and corporate greed
Food is too expensive and homes are hurting 
Inflation - prices are so high people can't afford groceries or anything else
culture ... lack of any unifying sense of what it is to be American
The most important problem right now is the economy.
How divided we are
Following Our Constitution, Security, Climate Change, Women's reproductive healthcare food prices.
MAGA movement and Trump 
the economy - everything is getting too expensive, rising cost of living and inflation
high inflation
economics,  too high of cost of living and too little tax's on the wealthier people.
the rule of law is constantly being undermined by trump and his lackeys 
Housing and zoning
Keeping womens, black, immigrant, gay and trans rights and lives safe. Doing more to protect the environment, and having universal healthcare for all.
racism, antisemitism, hatred towards to LGBTIQA community 
this pretend “woke” behavior that feminists use to abuse men
greed, dishonesty, media, 
Fair rights of the people that they aren't infringed upon, Fair pair, fair citizenship.
Economic inequity/Wealth Gap
the MAGA movement, the divisiveness, the inequality and wide disparity in what people are paid, the changes that are coming that will be against women's rights. 
Protecting women's reproductive health and sensible gun control measures.
democracy, MAGA
unity, understanding differences. 
The biggest problem in this country is the patriarchy, they chose to elect a convicted felon over and highly qualified woman. 
Climate Change as depicted by floods, melting of icebergs, droughts
the government takeover 
With the new leader, democracy. 2nd would be our economic way of life, we are in late stage capitalism, currently oligarchy soon to be monopolistic.
The economy is in very bad shape and it is difficult to not live paycheck to paycheck.
Immigration, abortion, Obesity
illegal immigration public school education
economy of the whole country due to inflation.
Economy and security
economy
Security
Climate change and the future of our planet
inflation , gun violence, 
dividing of people 
inflation is one thing we need to get down cuz I work 80 hrs a week just to stay afloat 
Trump
lack of education about human rights and needs
inflation, medical care
MAGA
racismo justicia a emigrantes desigualdad monopolio 
illegals causing havoc crime ect.
Climate Crisis and lack of a ecologically-friendly world economy have long-term, global consequences that transcend one nation's concerns.
There is a disconnect in the USA, not only amongst the people, but also the legislating bodies, business interests, and social or foreign interest groups that have influence in American society regarding what it means to be American and what those rights and concerns actually entail.
Border is not protected 
sliding right into dictator/oligarchy
The maim problem now is that Trump was elected. The next 4 years will be disastrous.
inflation,border
Race, Race, Race Dope and gangs
economics and inflation 
Economy, National debt, budget
Food prices. I use to fill up a chopping cart with $200.00, now I need $400.00 to buy the same items.
dishonest and uncaring political leaders. Big business (which includes medical establishment) who only care about profits. and the strong desire of all of them to get rid of the majority of people. 
immigration open borders are ruining this country poor vetting is the main issue
inflation, lack of jobs, education, and the two main political parties attempting (and succeeding) to divide the country. the main problem now is enduring another trump presidency 
cost of living,  police brutality,  illegal immigrants. 
illegal immigration 
illegal immigrants in our country
Illegal Immigrants
I wish the economy was better like it used to be
Economy, public education, inflation, border control/illeagal immigration, affordable housing, affordable health care, civil respect/responsibilities
money and immagrants
We need non-professional politicians who are allowed to serve only one term in any office, and are then required to return home to live with their decisions - TERM LIMITS
income inequality
Division within
1. The wide gap between the Dem and Rep parties. Both parties seem self centered and are constantly pointing fingers at each other. 2. Self-centered, often arrogant, Congressmen who lead" based on personal values and/or benefit. 3. How everything is blamed on "fake news" how are we supposed to know what is real news/information. 4. The economy - the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Some folks are just excessively rich while the middle-class continues to struggle. 5. Home ownership, and even the ability to rent a house, is out of reach for SOOO many people, even for those who work. 6. Related to that is AFFORDABLE housing; landlords basically charge whatever the market will bear and those with lower or fixed income are left (literally) out in the cold. 7. Immigration (not referring to Mexico); out of country tuition is beneficial to schools but then graduates get the high-salary jobs. "
mental illness, immigration, drugs and crime 
rural america, ranchers and farmers not getting a say.  
Inflation
gas prices the cost of gas is to high
illegal immigration
loss of our democracy, rich/poor devide, autocracy in the world
decisiveness in every corner.  the haves and the have nots.  the better than thou ness.  
economy everything costs too much. inflation is still high 
Economy
inflation, to much extremism on both sides
Honesty in Government, illegal immigration, Government expenditures, Government representation of the people
Inflation
quality of food sold to Americans, greed, big pharmacy businesses, big corporations, child sex trafficking, idolizing politicians and celebrities, social media, education system, adoption and foster care system, taxes, government, housing market, spiritual warfare happening now.
prob the fact we have a bad bad assaulting non tax paying daughter perving man as the president elect idk
Distrust of government.
There should only be two genders
Rent and the cost of living is too high
Lack of honesty
How the rest of the world views the USA
Inflation is too high
unity and disagreeing 
The economy, misinformation and disinformation , 
gap between rich and poor and trump won but he is not right for the job
the economy, I fell like it's going to crash hard again at one point 
Misinformation/propaganda
Education: We continue to underfund our educational systems, making our population more susceptible to external forces that exploit people's feelings for political gain. 
National Security with the possibility of the US being involved in war due to the wars in Ukraine & Gaza/Isreal
DIFFERENT FOR DIFFERENT COLOR PEOPLE
Border Security
Trust in government
Everyone is talking at the same time, and no one is stopping to listen
Abortion access, immigration, racism, misogyny, anti-LGBTQ, project 2025.
Trump 2nd term - weaponizing DOJ against his perceived political enemies and the press who have broken no laws
illegal drugs are killing our youth
 all types of discrimation 
Rising taxes (property)
immigration has not been regulated and has been an economic burden for our country
capitalism!!!  unchecked!!!
environmental practices 
Income inequality 
economy security
immigration, debt, American's health
political divides
maga is the problem 
protecting the constitution and freedom of religion.
Greed.  Large corporations are not thrickling down" the money they are earning.  We are losing our middle class.  We have so many billionaires and yet we charge those that have no extra money to pay for health care, education and other necessities."
cost of living 
illegal immigration- there was no border for 8 years. free for all
Niche news and the proliferation of mis-information and disinformation. America is not currently an effective decision-making body, at any level.
Trump; i dont think Trump...he loves this country, but he loves himself more
the economy; well people are having trouble making ends meet, prices have gone up, and the government has spent trillions of dollars we dont have, and we have seen no results
The border. /ms/ It's open. Open border.
Low pay rates/tm/it's a problem. They are payikng people very low wages.
inflation- prices are too high, cost of living
DontKnow
Economy, inflation pricing for some one my age. 
poverty, there is so many people who have good jobs and have money and so many who dont. .they cant afford to eat and cant afford to care for their children.
Economy; I think that people have gotten used to wanting lto live foff the government and not work. More people hae handouts and dont want to work for what they have.
Border Solving  those issues is a problem.
Probably right now is the cost of housing and living going up. /AE/  It's impossible for young couples to buy a house. Unless they are making bank it's impossible for them to buy a house and afford cost of living.  /AE/ No
Abortion rights, the increase in restrictive laws /AE/ No that's it
border security; too many illegal aliens
the illegal immigration, cuz people are coming into the US and murdering people here and they're allowed to stay, we have enough murderers here, I just don't agree with it because I'm sorry your country is a terrible country, but you just get to jump the border and come here I'm sorry but I don't agree with that at all /AE/ No
inflation; the fact that inflations has increased steading at 18% since covid; and that we are printing money to cover debt; the has icluded millions in poverty, and adjustments are necessary on regulation; no one is getting paid enough; teachers and gov't officuals
crime/housing/ jobs/ crime is on the raising/ affordable housining is not avaible / ne
I think probably just border control is big issue and problem and probably health care, I think just my opinion just how either parety or Governemtn could handle it better, um yeah. The solution. 
Inflation, driving up the cost of living /AE/ no
Refusal
Crime. Too much killing. /ae/No.
Violence
Immigration /tm/ disorganized /ao/ just needs to be upgraded I mean overhauled I am in favor of immigration thats about it I guess
Racism./AE/No.
Education, I don't believe that people are learning what they should learn, I think there's practical things that people don't learn for example finances and how to do your taxes, I just feel like they learn other things that don't matter /AE/ I think they push agendas of political viewpoints or social viewpoints into public schools, that's one of the things that don't matter, learning practical things is what matters /AE/ Not really
Oh wow ,this country , I would say the educational system is a problem, based on lack of interest/seriousness/funding, as opposed to truly educated people. Then there is not really education people to think critically
housing, jobs and wages specifically, inflation, um and food prices. /problem with housing/ the amount of steps /requiremtnes to own them specifically credit scores and how hard it is especially in Austin to get a home, a lot oh homeless people
divide over what is true, and how to assertain truth
hatred /tm/ think that there is both amongst the politcal leaders and politcial parties a concerted effort to foment hatred rather than patriotism and untiy 
Divisiveness. People are separating into groups like black lives matter, like we're this or we're that. We're pulling together as a cohesive group. yeah everybody's stressing their little personal matters as opposed to what's god for the country.
One problem is political direction of the supreme court /probe/ the conservative intreuppertation of the constititution favors big business it over individuals. for instance big business has personhood. one of the more recent decision about the president being any duties or any decissions or actions taken in the course of his or her being president can not be prosictued forI think that is dangerous and lack of accountability for the president 
The border first, then inflation. Uncontrolled invasion.
Illegal immigration. The federal law applicable to immigration has not been followed because of failure of enforcement by the federal branch of goverment and has in fact been encouraged--and that is being told you by an immigrant, myself.
I would say inflation, the price of groceries.
The economy / TM / The price of everything has gone up like crazy over the past 4 years, it wasn't like that 4 years ago, I have a family of [REDACTED NUMBER] and I feel that
La economia
Immigration; that too many illegals coming in; /ae/ they should be able to get a green card if they want to.
The for profit prison system. Mass incarceration and prosecutor insentives. 
uh, immigration /P/ um, I don;t have a probem with these people coming in but they need to go through the paperwork and get approved before, just like its always been done, my father came up and saw the statue of liberty and he did the paperwork, you don't just walk over the line and say I am an american, you gotta go through the steps, that's all / AE/ um, well i thought it was great when the guy from texas was bringing people up to New england, i thought that was fantastic, because those people weren't getting it, but I don't like they can just come in and get themselves a liscenes, and I think they can vote now, they can get a job and a car and nobody has a problem with it;  /AE/  uh no, it's not 1885 anymore
Economy, the money has costs have just gotten so high so hard especially for younger people starting out and middle class retirees
Homeless/tm/There are not enough funds for them, low funds to find them a place.
Immigration. Close the borders. Letting too many people in that have not gone through the process of the law to be an american citizen. I welcome them 100% but nope I do not go for the others, it's against the constitution. 
The biggest problem is getting away from religion /tm/ taking prayers out of schools and just, seems like more, what I believe in is less, people think less of it, like religion and the pledge of allegiance and all that that was very important and is not important to the younger generation, or most of them /ao/ no
Supreme Court too ultra conservtive, tied to MAGA movement, overturning 50 years laws to slow in handling decisions that were easy to decide,  no oversight  on ethics on individual justices, should be terms limits.
High priced items. Groceries.Prices going up so its going to be higher to afford things that you can get. 
Leadership. /AE/ We don't have any leadership. We aren't going to have any for four years. We're going to have dictatorship. /AE/ No I think that about sizes that up. I mean, our leader right now should be sitting his ass in prison.  He's a felon, the united states right now is an embarrassment to the world. /AE/ No
a womens right to choose, going away'
open border/po/too many illegal immigrants coming in i can seeit in advance auto parts and they dont speak english/ao/no
immigration/tm/just being able to inforce legal immigration
Economic inequality 
Inflation and cost of living  there are to many people struggling  to get by 
Everything is expensive
border security /tell/ Too many people illegally entering the country.
inflation-the prices they didnt do a thing about it
Coming under the leadership of a dictator. Losing democracy. /probe/Losing democracy /probe/ losing the freedoms that people take for granted/ae/ not having choices and possibility of losing your life/ae/ not having the ability to choose. /ae/ the life ahead for young americans/ae/ losing pensions and social security benefits. Dont know what the hell they are doing with that one/ae/ not being able to vote. issues with police burtality or control. not being able to travel. /ae/ people being deported. /ae/ no
we are not unified our government is not trying to unify us I have very poor faith in our justice systme one law for everybody i dont like that I dont like that recent supreme court decision of making and establishing kingdom and the 1% tax cuts that they have received and the logans act is not being enforced.
The leaders that we choose to lead us. If we choose wrongly it will effect the nation likewise if we choose right it has an effect on the nation entirely. 
US como policia mundial, problema. se ponene presidente, que quieren hacer war
The economy /tm/ it's gonna get worse and it's already bad, we're paying a lot, and taxes and tariffs are gonna go high
Moral decay. We just voted a convict into the highest office. /AE/ That's it.
immigration the migrant border the border crossing/tm/i think they should come in legally. i have no problem with them crossing legally. illegal crossing is the problem
They are not acting on the constitution
Poverty. To many people walking around poor with no housing no food and no money it is just a disater.
donald trump- he's corrupt,. doesnt hae interest of cntry, doesnt act in interest of cntry.self intersted. he's narssacistic , racist, for starters
Fairness, <laughed> fairness I mean like some of the programs and their generosity is given to one race, one set of people, have you seen the news this morning or yesterday? They were giving out  food and only one race was there, you have to be hispanic or light skin to get it, they don't go into Liberty City, the neighborhoods of the poor /AE/ all the programs that they offer they stick to one color most of it, your color identity is very impartial /AE/ Not really
Economy. Prices are too high, not enough money, its just crazy. 
Trust /tm/ I think that we are so divisive that nobody trusts anything anyone says or speaks about publicly and we have lost the ability to compromise.
la economia, no esta balanceada
Economics. /ms/ Just inflation, just the economy as a whole.
The environment/tm/I think the fact that we're...I think that we're running into issues such as earthquakes, fires, temperature fluctuation, and focus is being drawn away from the environment and we're up against time to come up with solutions.
Homeless people, if they would help them find a job or a home, would be go for them.
Besides the Economy, number 1. I think the economy is my main concern. /AE/ It's hard to live on what the economy stands for today. /AE/ It's just more challenging. /AE/ No
inflation /p/ recently the inflation distributipon percentage has gone up and still has not gone down like i thought it would just soething the country is struggling with 
Division is the worst /tm/ yeah, how do I put that... there's too much division between the different people, the blacks, the whites, the koreans, chinese, all of those, there's too much division, we are one country, and everyone is the same as a citizen /ao/ basically that's it. We need to go back to the constitution and get rid of all of the people in any kind of an office who does not coincide with the constitution
Divisive people have become.
The economy /probe/ the skyrocketing prices, people are having a hard time.
immigration/tm/open boarders/ae/no
Immigration /probe/ too many /AE/not any proper vetting of people, the cost /ae/ no abilitly to integrate these people into or system because it bsically just destoys the culture /AE/ too muvh mmoney it costs us /ae/that should be enoough
Beside being so divided. Were so polarized right now. Because of the fact that most americans believe what they see in the media and dont research. That the media controls too much of the political enivorment
Inflation. It's out of control.
immigration/tm/ the open borders/ae/ no
Inflation. /ms/ Rising gas, food prices; housing market; prices 10 years ago vs today.
High prices /probe/ they are too high, people can't afford a lot of stuff anymore
The economy is a big thing right now, as far as congress is concerned they're leaning to the wrong things to handle them and a lot of them are favoring big business and certain multimillionaires and they're not thinking of the people  and the average joe /AE/ Too many greedy people involved /AE/ That's it
The food prices theres no sense in those food prices being that gosh damn high. Gas prices too. gas prices are freaking high too. Think those are two main things that need to go down.  
The what the people? immigrants, illegal immigrants. /AE/ They're illegal, no people works. They come here as illegal, that's why Trump wants to get rid of them and he's right. There are a lot of people that are illegal, especially California, they think they own California.  /AE/ No
the fires in California, well the are out of control and there is not a good governess to control
Foreign Affairs. It would be security for or country. Just the political unrest that there is around the world and the threats that we might not be aware of the news media doesn not cover a lot of whats going on they only want us to hear part of it and then a lot of it is opinionated. /AO/ No
Division, in fighting/p/ Especially in politics nobody can gt along. Everyone is self serving. /AE/No
no 1 problem affecting our youth led by big Pharma, opiod . is an active mbr . needs to be addressed. cheerleader hurt herself and now addicted to heroine
economy, cost of living /AE/ strength of the dollar /AE/ I can't think of anything at the moment
Government spending. Is the cause and reason why we have inflation. Its also They shouldn't spend more money than they take in. Like we have to balance our check book, they should balane their check book as well. Sending money overseas needs to stop and end. We need to help our own citizens first. There needs to be a reduction in government employment and cutting our government spending.
different realities/tm/there is only one objective truth, having two different realities inherently does not make
The taxes to the rich and corporations, I think it's unfair to the regular person.
the justice department, not holding people accountable who are crimnals, not holding Trump accountable
Economy /tm/ inflation
the border crisis, um laughed, it's not very good /AE/ No that's it
Discrimination, I think we are discriminating against the queer community, different races and different belief systems. /AO/ No
Divisiveness. /pi/extreme, people are extreme now, people are inherently shelfish, people no longer act for the good of the country or the good of their community, the rhetoric is terrible. /ae/we could be here all day. I'll cut it there.
Securing the border the problem is that I have np problem with people coming acroos the border but they ought to do it the right way. I dont agree with them coming avoer getting everything handed to them but AMericans need help too. I dont care if thats black, ahite, indian Amersicans are entitled fair first and foremost.
misinformatio
Let's go with, the economy. /ms/ Inflation; my primary concern with the economy.
Immigration. /tell/ We just need a better system for immigrattion: wwe need immigration, but we need a better system for it.
I would say probably the economy, and I think that is what most people are worried about. /tell/ Home prices, cost of living ,  food. 
I think that they have a problem with people up in the northeast not having mairrage partners and people in the southeast causing issues with black people rioting, and Dustin report 1212 fbi 12121 121 fbi 121 not me not me fbi 1211 not me fbi 1212121 not me not me not me not men fbi 1212121211 fbi ot me all official or complete task complete
National Debt. Very important everyone  likes to hear Tax Cuts," but you have to pay for it. My personal philosophy is not to run up a lot of debt."
Um womens rights, theres definetayl unfarienss thats happening between men and women in this country
Economy
Racism; Evyone isnot treated equally as they say; thats it/ao/
our election system, the electoral college has got to go
People don't listen. They don't hear the lies Trump tells. ?AE/No
Economy
Economy. Inflation and I'm on a fixed income and it's getting harder and harder to survive.
The border's the biggest problem. Border security.
the economy-inflation and food costs and gas costs and healthcare costs
the device of political landscape/ compared to 20 years ago the cooperation is non existence there is no middle ground
  a lot of americans cant afford their medicine elderly and people doing crooked stuff and getting  away with it .
the division of the population, /tm/ donald trump 
DK
I think that would be employment of citizens. I think that we have people coming in from other countries and their taking jobs that American could be working at. I think that's even at all levels because those who are in the higher office, even like CEOs, creating businesses or  taking over the businesses. From overseas, they are interested in taking care of family people from home. Where if an american has a job they would be focused on Americans, people here. It would increase our employment level in the states. And then people in general would be happy. 
Healthcare, women's health specifically /probe/ lack of abortion and the heartbeat law the lack of research into women's healthcare and the lack of accessability i you are not workin
Supression of freedom, failure to uphold the Constitution. I see in both our personal lives and our community lives deficiancy in freedom and responsibility. Good decisions are best made where there is freedom -Albert Einstein. 
income equality , a lot of people cant afford to live.
misinformation/ media bias /ae/ it is difficult to educate a populous or get them to think freely when the facts are intentionally obscured or only favorable information is given or withheld by the nations most viewed news sources /ae/
our border, it was an open door for too long
Economics. It just, the prices are going wild. 
Illigal immigration, not following the rules and what it costs /AE/ No
Illegal immigration/tm/there are too many people coming in the country illegeally and with criminal backgrounds. that is a problem. we already have enough criminals we odn't need anymore. The crime problem is a big problem. I understand people want to come because of hardshp. Too many peoplea re ocming over and expecting us to support them and that is ahuge problem that makes me mad. they are wanting Social Security beneifts and they havent paid into it. Me and my husband have been paying and probably won't get to use it
Foreign relations, what's going on in the Ukraine and North Korea and Russia. We have i think more tensions than we ever had since previouse wars. We don't have good leaders that are good at diplomacy. 
Extremists. /probe/ Too many far right and too many far left. But mostly too many far right.
Illegal Immigration. There's a lot of illegal immigrants coming over with no reprocion. /AE/ Drugs due to illegal immigration. /AE/ That'll be good.
All this racism going around now. Even got a President be a racist President. He's a racist, trust me. They're Clan. Look 'em up. He didn't say sh** about blacks. That man ain't going to help us. All those court cases: he want his money back. That's it.
I would say authoritarian foreign governments like China and Russia/tm/Russia's invasion of Ukraine is frightening and China may feel emboldened to take over Tawaiin.
Some poverty and homelessness. Some big cities where inflation has been too high and there are no jobs cities. I am familiar with cities like Seattle and Baltimore. Decent people with jobs that have lost them and cannot find anything to support their families. Even in smaller cities you are seeing more people living on the streets.
economy/TM/value of our U.S dollar
currently the treasury giving access to people's information the Elon Musk
Id say the biggest problem is peoples personal righta autonomy over their own bodies 
consensus to get rid of democracry
Unabated immigration invasion because criminals are getting in and we have too many people here already, and they're letting people come in that we have to pay for. 
I would say discrimination on all levels. I guess since 2016 I guess just since you know it seems like if the mndset is if someone doesnt look like you talk like you believe like you then youre just onna write them off. 
I think the constant division and we're not getting anything resolved. /AE/ I don't see it getting better. I see it getting worse for average Americans. /AE/ No, I don't want you to have to stay all day.
Inflation, its just been to high for average working person to keep up with or even proffesional have a [REDACTED FAMILY MEMBER] that is a nurse had to take a second job to make ends meet
IMMAGRATION- ITS UNCONTROLLED
 Immagration  there need to be more control
We have a problem with our national deficit
Wealth disparity
I can't tell you.
Too much free money from covid and now everyone whats a lot of wages and people cant afford groceries and stay out of other peoples country business
The economy/probe/Prices are really high because of inflation. Businesses want to purchase up homes so they can rent then or sell them for higher. Groceries are higher so it is not as affordable to buy them. Being able to purchase a home is getting harder as well
racism the rich  should pay there portion and wealth should be shared 
economy- its bad everything everything is too high gas food and cost of living
I guess our economy would be one /tm/ just seems like everythings high and nobody's got enough income to live in it 
I guess the economy. I think we still havent fully recovered from post pandemic inflation and big buisnesses can price gouge a lot of people so things become more expensive. 
Unemployment/P/Not enough jobs for qualified people./AE/ No that's it
money driving decisions- just think politicians working w/big biz to make decisions and focus on problems based on money
Homeless americans, uh there should be no such thing as  a homeless americans, I feel like if we have money to help people in other countries we should have money to help our own citizens, that's the problem, especially veterans there should be no such thing as a homeless vet /AE/ No
I would say, no unity. The country has no togetherness, everyone's kind of against against eachother.
Overthrow of our democracy. The Constitution states; Anyone who commits an insurection is not eligible to hold public office. Donald Trump should not be allowed to hold office.""
The threats to democracy what our incoming chief executive might do to democracy
immigration, too many people crossing the border illegal
Immigration. /problem/ Lack of accountability.
Illegal immigration. Primary one is that we are losing our identity as a nation. because they're not assimilating. Causing additional crime, and causing a drag on our social safety net system. 
the border. they need to close that border down
Immigration
Violent Racist Extremism. I think that white nationalism has been allowed to take a back seat in the political consciousness in the last few years since the Biden administration took office, allowing a misunderstanding of the threat it represents in our country and presumption that it has been largely solved or relegated to a lesser risk. /AE/ No.
Where do I start uh, the education for, education now the school system now is terrible to me. 
immigration/tm/just the way it should be handled it seems like two different parties want to do two differnet things with it
Partizanship; neither side will work with theother side
Economy. /Probe/ Look at the money! Trying to live. /AE/ Well, it really affects everything, if a person's having a hard time pulling off life, they're going to reach out to bad things, if they can't do it this way can't have a job... It's like a circle, like a wheel on a bicycle. If it affects one thing, it affects the second wheel of the spoke. /AE/ Suffer everybody. And I really feel the companies know that they can push the card you know? Pushing pushing, they put it here and know they can keep pushing them. How do I put it, people are up at the top right? They don't really care about the people that are going to the bottom, it's only 'how much money can I get out of this'. I think people have lost humanity, you know? They don't care about anybody else, wether you have money or not. It's just awful out there. /AE/ Again I just feel like that humanity inside, this is probably off the beaten path. I went out to dinner the other night, and theres this gentleman in his 50's, large structure okay. But he's walking in with two metals canes cause he can hardly walk, if I guessed he probably had a stroke or somehting. I wanted to get up and help him, and I was, but my boyfriend said to wait, but I gotta help to do a little. I just watched how he was determined and how he struggled 10 feet to get to a chair, and how determnined he was. And just as I was about to get up, a guy beside him helped him to get a chair. He impressed me so much, there was another couple that came with him. i said should I or shouldn't I, I said I'm gonna. I stopped and talked to him and told him how much of an example he was. He was determined, he didn't ask for anyone to help him, but that there were two people who came and helped him. You wanna hear the clincher? As i walked away, he started talking to me, and he said I have to tell you, I'm like this because of COVID. How do you like that? You know, sad? Sad sad, you know. But again I reached out and hold him that I acknowledged him, you know? /AE/ Trump better do something right away, as fast as he can. cause he's tied too right? /AE/ Nope.
We have a president that's coming into presidency that is a crook, that who is the lowest common denominator unfortunetly 
the cost of living. /tell/ far too high. /ao/ Everything: groceries, housing , all too high, especially in our state of MA. 
the ability to govern highly complex issues, both local and international in a divided democracy and govern effectivily
immigration /tell/ I feel that too many people have been allowed in without the proper ...without following the proper steps.
Inflamation. It's way too high right now.
Freedom. I feel like we're losing it because of the election. I feel that with the election we've chosen a president that will taking some freedoms away. 
it's global warning, our resourses and what they apply to other creators of this world.  Such a animals, birds all the creators of this word. They are here as equals and she be protected aswell as man kind
Trump. He's a criminal, he lies, he's not as smart as he wants people to think he is, he reminds me of a mob boss. He had a bad relationship with the press, he's sneaky, and he cheats on his wife. 
immigration /tm/ i feel like our borders got lax after Trump was no longer in office 
Disunification /probe/that our country is seemingly irrelibly spliteach side is demonizing the other side so there is no hope to getting back together
body autonomy of women freedom of choice of medical care
Refusal
our president wants to be an autocrat, and his party is goin along with him, and I dont likeit
The economy/tm/it shifted to...it favors the haves. It is unbalanced.
Gun violence for sure. Maybe school shootings.
I think there's a big divide between the upper 1% having a pulse on the rest of the country. I feel like a lot are out for themselves and their businesses, and not so much for the greater good of everyone. 
Sticking our nose into other country's affairs
the illegal immagration- way too many people that have beren giving tax payer money and support
abortion /wp?/ the effect that it needs to be regulated and not left up to the woman to decide: too many rules
economics
Abortion /probe/ i believe it hsould be in the rights of the women so i am pro choice. I believe women should have the choice over their body not the state or government 
Well I'm pausing now because I'm trying to decide which of the multitude of problems we have now which one is number 1 on my list. I think it would have to be the open border. Because, if that were fixed it would stem a lot of the other problems we have right now. Including the economy. Help the economy, cutting down on crime. /AE/ No i think that's good. I think that's a good place to start.  A lot of other things will fall in line once that is done.  It's like setting up a line of dominoes, you tip the first one and it runs the gamete of everything else. /AE/ No
illegal immigration /P/ too many illegals entering the country /P/ many are criminals committing crimes /P/ well the biggest problem it is against the law to be here illegally /P/ uh proviind for them costing much money /P/ um no
Diversion / TM / everybody is looking out for themselves instead of everyone as a whole
Homelessness. No one has money to afford a place to live, so they're sleeping in cars, tents, parks, anywhere they can sleep and lay their head. People don't have jobs, don't have money, so people kill, rob, steel, whatever they can. /ae/That's homelessness, yeah.
High cost of living
wages are not going up, but prices of all of our goods are going up and Americans can not afford it.
Money problem; They say they dont have money but they always iv e money tp phter countries. I nstead of hlping the poeple here they help somewhere else. Like no they finna take social security and everything from old people. Theyfinna start a war around here. They doing very poor for us cirixzens on the money tip.
division in this country /tm/ people dont listen to each other
Economics/P/ would say the lack of support for working class people as well as inflation./AE/No
the upcoming President / TM / His policies
Morals. I dont believe people take responsibility for themselves/Ao/ I see a disillusion of the family in america/Ao/ No
division thats the outcome of multiple problems
racism, he highten across the board
The economy. Inflation, lack of money of the money class.
Homelessness, that there is a lot of homelessness and they are not really doing anything to help the homeless. A lot of them need health care and a place and I feel like they are not even putting the shelters out there for them.  /AE/ NO
No unity because we are  one nation and we are suppose to be  united states under god and that is not displaced across the board. We are multi cultural and that is not respected across the board
Refusal
Inflation /pr/the cost of living has gone up too fast and my pay has not gone up even close to match it
One problem facing this country is divisiveness, the division in the country /probe/ some people they like they a lot of people want to be want people like Trump to rule things and I think he's not a good person to be over everybody, I don't think he is good for the country and so many people do, over half /AE/ that's it
our economy/tm/the government out spends it budget. i have to stay on one. you have to stay on one. they should stay on one/ae/no
Climate. Climates are going to change, and humans are not doing what we can to mitigate that change. 
Immigration. /ms/ Illegal immigrants, the open borders; just the fact that taxpayer-funded money goes to people who don't belong here anyway or came here illegally.
national debt; its staggering large
Healthcare/tm/The cost and who has access to healthcare
I think the growing polarization between people 
Discord. It is discordant. 
rightward polarization/tm/i think that donald trump has pushed the conservative movement further to the right on many issues; and i think that the democrats have not presented a positive vision for the country and are instead debating the issues on the right's terms
para mi el peor probema es tanto abuso de gente que matan; mucho probmas de hacer problemnas; deber ver un castigo; no es justo
Polarization, That social media and methods of communication have further separated the population in such a way that news, facts, streams of inofrmation are different among the people resulting in political extremism, the spread of misinformation and for people to again be separtaed by their ideologies or by their perceived ideologies /AE/ No
Inequity in inclusiveness. /ms/ There has been a huge shift in perception of LBGQ including transgender in society in general, and that has impacted the way our lawmakers are making decisions.
The white house candidates like our candidates with helping poor people like me. I fell like weneed a stronger PResident. I feel like we need a stronger president to lead our amrican citizens
hate /tm/ theres a lot of disagreement and violence /ae/ um no thats enough
economy/po/everything is too expensuve its out of control/ao/no
Economics. Inflation, especially if you're on a fixed income. 
Prices of things. They have been getting higher. /AE/ no
Racism /probe/ the problem with racism is one race is able to live life caution free and the other race isn't/ae/no
econmoy -prices are too high
Economy  and inflation and the national debt which effect the economy
Unity. People are too tribal now days because of what they think politically.
the big problem is inequality rich people getting richer and poor getting poorer
Health benefits, Everybody should have them no matter what. Rich, poor or inbetween./AO/ I think everybody deserves them it. Doesn't matter if your rich or poor, middle class or in between. Everybody should have them. Whie black yellow whatever everbody and it should be equal. Not outragious prices that people cant afford. The rich can get them easily but not the poor same as the middle class./AO/ Because how people are being paid to work some people get $10 and hour and other get paid $20 an hour doing the same job. It should be equal pay so people can afford them same as if your a woman or a guy./AO/Pay wages suck and I dont agree with the government when they say other people can get them but we have to pay our butts off./AO/ No, I think everybody else should have them basically and it should be equal across the board./AO/ No
taxes; i dont think we should have to pay the; taxes on tips
i'm going to say racism/tm/people being equal, division among races. they should not spread hate they should all be equal because natives they are here first this is their land. the rest of us are all immigrants however, no racism should exists. also more importantly latin communities should not be considered as foreigners, i can't stant when they say go back to mexico or any other latin country/ae/that's it
ah the divide /P / I don't understand why we cant just come together and figure everything out /P/ no
Healthcare /p/ too expensive, and health insurance companies are a legal scam. 
financial debt, everyting costs too much and we don't make enough as people, the common man /AE/ other countries provide for their people that are in debt and our country does not at all, we have to fight for every penny we get for sure /AE/ child support sucks, should be redefined /AE/ housing shouldn't take so long, section 8 /AE/ low house income should be better, shouldn't have to jump through so many hoops /AE/ loans, financial debt, once you get into a loan you can't get out of a loan, creditors, title loans or car loans, those are all a fraud, once you get itno that you can't get out of it, because of the principal that doesn't make sense, I only borrowed $2000 /AE/ plain and simple the laws don't match the times we live in /AE/ No
high tax rate-its unfair how they are charging and the wearthy are not paying enough
So far I've heard I think the biggest problem is illegal immigrants coming into America. No thoughts I try to stay neutral. 
spending money everywhere and problems with social security and disabilty and stuff like that and spending money everywhere else
I think that the working peope cannot get ahead It seems like when we get a raise, property taxes go up, health insureance goes up, and cost of living goes up. Wehn we never feel like we make any money. My percentage wage increase is less than what my taxes go up. If I get a 3% raise, my property taxes go up 9 or 11%. As an example, that was.
the chaos of Donald Trump
inequality /tm/ there are great disparities between racial, gender and social class
rACISIM ALOT OF RACIST
Economy, inflation, I think we give to much money to other countries instead of helping our selfs
Probably the immigration. /ms/ Letting, well, immigration letting the illegal people, and the crime rising with the immigration. The violence that illegal immigrants are committing.
climate change /tm/ concerned about the lack of adequate response to cc in particular the effects of sustainable forestry and farming, areas particularly effected by climate lands slides rivers salmon
Economy/AE/ How crummy it is. /And jobs, pay wages for job. /AE/ No
Immigration in this country
Ummm, Cost of living /AE/ I just feel like everything is too expensive. Just like pay increases aren't happening as fast as the cost of living.  Like, gas, groceries, medical expenses the things people need to survive. /AE/ I think that's the biggest issue. That effects many in my area. /AE/ No
Xenophobia, My understanding of Xenophobia is when someone is threatened or made uncomfortable by someone who is different than them and then villanizes them.  /AE/ No
homelessness, the prices of rent has skyrocket that the average american can not survive
The lgbqt movement /tm/ it goes against biblical teaching it is kind of thrust upon children you see it children shows and movies it is kind of everywhere /ae/ I dont have anything against gay lesbian transgender I just dont think sexuality should be talked about with children
Unchecked immigration/tm/First of all, it's an affront to all the people who came here and waited in line. it's a drain on resources. And it's a known fact that several thousand people that have come across the border in recent years are convicted felons in other countries
The economy. The over all cost of goods and supplies and the housing
The primary problem facing ous country is misinfomation.
nobody government wants to work together its too bipartisan
immigration/po/lack of govemental control
oper borders / briefly explaination / too crimes, posible terroris / ae / drugs / ae / no
Inflation; everything is going up. Young people can hardly afford to live on wht theyre making. Thats if they have a family. 
There are so many problems but the one that affects me the most is national defenese, it is not what it needs to be /AE/ There's not enough money to provide for national defense and when the money is allocated for national defense it's usually put in places where it is not needed /AE/ No, I'll leave it at that and then he continued... It has to do with the practices and morals of the people the government is trying push forth, if you can't trust the individual that's with you in the foxhole, then you won't be protected, in terms of morality you have destroyed the cohesiveness of the fighting force, that priamrily has to do with homosexuals in uniform, if they are in an office and in regular clothes it doesn't matter but in combat it does /AE/ No I'm not going to add 
Immigration, there's too many illegals over here /AE/ the crime that's come up because of it /AE/ No that should do it
problem with corruption in government lead to all the other problems coruption in government
inflation-just the rise of cost of goods, gas and property
I would say civil rights.
Immigration; all the illegal immigrants crossing the border; you need two things to have a country a border and law and order and now we have neither; I don't have a problem with anyone coming in legally. /ae/no
right now major problem in this country is unfortuntely the illegals is a major problem to omany people have died from criminials crossing the boarder who have records
The next administration is coming in, I dont think the next administration is going to have any checks or balance so I think they may run it differently then it has been in the last 250 yrs
womens rights/po/access to health care
Economy, prices are bad.
Lack of, the lack of understanding of information thats out there, so much disinformation, not enough education on how to properly interpet information and discern if its legit or propaganda
housing, it too expensive
poverty, there's too much of it there are too many people that are in that poverty line /AE/ No
financial security/tm/i believe people feel they dont have enough and wont have enough as they continue through life
the cost of the economy compared to the cost of the minimum wage
Equality is a big issue that seems to continue to divide
The economy/tm/it's getting bad.
Lack of faith /wt/ Well christianity in particular, my brothers and sisters in christ, kind of laid our responbility to the side as far as being missionaires and spreading the gospel
guns/po/alot of people are killing people for nothing no reason just taking from people/ao/no
Division/tm/The political parties have divided people in such a way that there isn't civil conversations even on minor issues.
the economy /tm/ we are going into a slow down and high inflation 
I think the most important is how the new administration will respect the Constitution./AE/You said just one.
Goernment over reach   too many restrictions on personal freedoms 
Inflation is the first one that comes to mind. /ms/ I just think the cost of living has increased substantially the last few years and that makes it harder to get ahead.
our open borders, we just don't know who is here and there are too many children that are not acccompanied by an adult and there are too many men of war age from many different countries and I fear for our sovereingty and our safety of our conutry and it's like a trojan horse attacking our country from within, it was a huge mistake to open our borders and let all these people in unvetted /AE/ No 
social unity, a lot of mistrust before both sides, 
Wealth inequality/tm/just the gap between the very rich and the working is astronomical and housing and transporation and education and healthcare are driving the costs. If you have Money its fine is not its very difficult.
i think our biggest in this country is the afects of smartphones on young people with social media, i think have led them into the abyss and i think we've big problems to fix with social media and smartphones with young people
Economy /EXplain/ I am in the belief that the economy is going in the right direction, inflation is high and hurting people, there are businesses whose goods and services increased during Covid and never went down and thigs are just too expensive for people
DontKnow
discrimination; i know we have alot of illegals coing in, but to me they take jobs other people wont' get; they pay into our tax system, but they dnotn get anything in return, and thats discrimination
the economy; the costo of living is way too high
I think homelessness is a pretty big problem
Foreign Wars. I think were headed to world war 3 if we don't watch out
inflation:  cost of living /ao/ 
political gridlock, lack of cooperation to pass laws and the budget because of extreme views and inabilty to comprimese
The Federal Reserve, That umm, it's inflating our tax and lowering the value of our dollar and they are unregulated. /AE/ no
inflation /tm/ it like keeps going up and it hasn't really settled down
divisiveness/partinson/tm/just the inability of the american people to cooperate effectively
They need to all know they work for the people
I think the biggest problem were facing is assault on democracy racsim is huge problem zenophobia huge problem divide between few halfs and the rest of the people who have less is huge problem not sure if thats the best way to say it, climate is a huge issue
Inflation. Just seems to be going up faster than wages in my experience right now.
division political division/tm/extremist so extremes on both sides can't come together and compromise
Two party system. /ms/ Very few peoples' actual beliefs are encompassed by either.
the us had been getting involved in war that have nothing to do with us they are not part of NATO./ae/leave it at that
inflation. how much groceries, gas and housing are
house prices /tm/ the fact that its unaffordable for young peopel to buy a house and have a family and get able to be on their own and self sufficient, its very difficult I think
Job security, with the economy. You just dont know if youll have  ajob on day or not. Notenogu funding. Its just getting out of hand. The economy isnt the way it used to be. Then it forces a lot of jobs from america to thirs world countries. So job security is a problem./Ao/ No
unity. their creativity is not reaching each other.
economic impact /tm/ the main thing I worry about is letting in illegals and the impact that has on the economy and everything else that impacts
economy /ae/ the prices seem rediculosly high sometimes, you definately can tell the difference in prices when you go grocery shopping, you can tell, it is noticible /ae/ I personally have gone to the store and didn't get everything that I went for because of prices /ae/
Immigration
immigration- illegal entry/drugs/
Christian nationalism /probe/ extremist views /ae/ taking away rights from other people /ae/
disinformation; we are being separated by a people through lies and vitral through both political parties
Immigration. Not really. No consensus, can't get everyone to agree on anything. It is difficult to compromise and find a solution that everyone can agree to. 
high cost of living,
violations of the 2nd amendment/tm/ red flag laws missing due Process. the gun control act of 1939. NFA of 1986 are all unconstitutional and need to be taken of the record of legality.
I think crime is always at the top of my list. /pi/I don't feel like there is always been resolved. People are out there doing the crime, getting away with it. I don't think there is a lot of action towards the criminal. /ae/
Uh, Inflation /probe/ well is extremelty high, been climbing last 4 years, total inflation since joe biden took office, is in the 30-35% average, they measure it differently for food or other things, no true measurement bar for inflation at the consumer level. Its year over year
Media /p/ It seems that its not an independent information source anymore, it seems that the media has become a political arm to influence and sway perspective.
Sterotyping, putting people in boxes, it's not a black & white world, no B&W answers.
Global security, the number of countries wiling to engage in war at this time
gun violence /tm/ I just say that the lack of laws and regulations to have some kind of gun control legislation
Let's go with like safety. Safety issues, I would say. /ms/ You know, the shooting that's happening. People just don't feel safe in places.
The division of Democrats and Republicans
Everything is increasing everything is getting expensive. And the wages are poor
Issues I have with tarriffs coming up. What that's going to be with international travel and how difficult it will make it and how expensive it will be. That's my biggest problem. /AE/ No.
the economy; prices are high, the things they spend our tax money are stilly; people are starving and were sending money to other countryes"
sensorship- we shouldnt have to sensor our words being in a free country-  Sensoring words should not be allowed.
trump-i dont think he is going to respect our norms and traditions and he is going to do whatever he wants to get his way rthats the optimustic versuon
cost of living, apartment rental, housing purchase, the cost to finding a ahome whether renting an apartment or purchaising a house the prices are not within most peoples reach and cost of groceries and just taking care of basic needs
Economy. The price of goods, groceries, too high. 
The economy, my weekly monthly bills are super high /AE/ car and homeowners insurance again going up extremely high /AE/ college tuition, especially private schools going up extremely high /AE/ I think that's good I can go on and on I'm good
What bothers me the most, Umm, could you repeat the question. I don't know how to say this.  The political unknown that people are facing. People are afraid because he's such a liar and he does things that benefit him.  /AE/ No
Racism. Were still being sergregated were still being seprated. I feel that trump is trying to start a race war. He doesn't place any value on african americans. /Ao/ No 
the crme. it's too much killing and too many guns on the street and they can't stop it
illegal entry (AO) a lot of the people are here illegally and are put out of their country because they are bad people, gangs and all that. AE they souldn't be here AE Well they are getting everything free and the states that are bringing them in are having major problems AE New york especially, they are tearing up the hotels, etc.. I am glad I am living in SC AE
international affairs
The division in citizens in relation to the future of the country. /p/ Its just that people blindly following leaders and others that are actually doing the research to know what the problem and outcome is going to look like.
the biggest problem would be border security /WP/ I dont think the government has a han dle on it the government thaats there right now  Selling parts of the border wall for pennies on the dollar before the new administration comes in the money means nothing why would you sell it other than spite /ae/no
Racial tension
the economy /tell/ The prices of everything and everybody struggling to make ends meet as far as the house prices, the groceries, the gas
I think the problem is that congress and those in charge did not take care of things tht needed to be done with people that needed to be done before now. They said it was all done and it wasnt. They picked their part over right and wrong and wouldnt impeach somebody and the problem just got bigger and bigger in my opinion./ao/ wel it still goes on you know/ao/
unity- become so divisive. always fighting. no compromise
i think one problem now is the price of everything going up. I've noticed that the dollar doesn't stretch as far as it used to because everything is getting more expensive. So that's one problem. /AE/ No
One of the most important at the time is the price of food and gas, economics I guess, the economy
Racism /probe/ I dont find it to be a black and white thing rather the haves and have nots /ae/ no
i would say inflation; we can't afford thing anymore
La economia, el gap o la diferencia entre la gente pobre y rica es demasiado grande, el costo de vivir es muy elevado, salarios muy bajos /AE/ Si, pero no lo pueses llenar ahi es un periodico lo que tengo en la mente /AE/ No 
There's the abortion banning, the banning of abortion.
race division// we turning the clock backwords, we are segagration by financial and social seperation
The open borders.
Religious extremism /tell/ They're political goals, more specifically they want to implement laws that reflect their religious beliefs
Economic problems, the disperaty between classes the people that have thing and dont is too large
Divisiveness / I think our country is too divided and we are fighting eachother instead of banding together and standing united. 
maintaining order / brieftly explain / applying more straight laws / ae / more education outside of the state, some state have more people without education, that can be diverse easily / ae / law regulations / ae / no
vilience /tm/ just different violence in different we have police brutality and different violence /ao/ gang violence /ao/ no
Immigration is my big thing, and I just don't agree with illegal immigration and how we're supporting that right now /ao/ no
noational debt, /tm/ were spending more maoney than were taking in theough tqxes and revenue
unbalanced budget
Abortion, murdering of children. A/E
Economy /wt/ Its inflation, you walk into the grocery store $150 later you dont even have any proteins, my grocery bill has tripled and there is four of us 
war they're spending a lot of money on the war /AE/ the main problem is they are spending the money to the war in another country the previous government has spend too much money in the war so they are not giving money to benefit the usa people, now the prices high and government is not giving sufficient benefit to the people /AE/ This is pretty much done
Immigration. /ms/ The lack of immigration control.
The election of trump. He is um not a very good person and his plans for the presidency are selfish and he's going to nominate a number of people who i disagree with strongly and policies i disagree with strongly. 
That we think that the citizen actually matters. it's a shell game.
the economy /probe/ a narrowing of the middle class and a conglmeration of wealth to the top /ae/ the lower class' purchesing power, housing prices /ae/ unchecked corporate power/ae thats it
Democracy, I think we risk losing our democracy as we know it in having a few people controlling the government as opposed to how it has been designed by the founding fathers /AE/ Well that's a big one, no, that's it
So the main problem that I have with the american industry is the availability of abortions or womens right to choose over their own bodies. I dont think it's right there's so much an intensive law over women or their bodies. If they're conceived out of a dangerous office they have to have that choice. With Trump in office and implementing laws against abortion, it feels that women won't have the safe aortion option like they should. They won't have control over their bodies. Just to elaborate on that it kind of feels like women don't have control over their bodies. Especially with them kind of pushing back against roe v wade and stuff like that. That's very very scary against women who know what they want to do with their bodies and if they need an abortion they cannot get a safe and lean one for lack of a better term. /AE/ nope.
This country should feed their poor, take care of their poor people instead of worrying about everybody else.
Are politicans are in the pockets of lobbists and special interests, not doing the people's will but doing their own will or what they are paid to do.
The devisiveness in this country, the polarization, the lack of concern about the future. 
Division, is big, uh I think its the biggest, I dont know what else /probe/ I think, I do think that there is, people have just become far too radical, come back to center, or at the very least learn to get along
Border Security is number one. Illegals coming in. if they come through the front door, I don't care. Do it legally. /AE/ I think it should be secure to stop fentanol from coming in. Human trafficing. /AE/ Basically that's it. I think there's a few people coming in that shouldn't be here, terrorists. Keeping terrorists out too. /AE/ No
the economy, I don't believe there is many jobs being reported and people are looking for jobs and not being able to find them and with prices going up that's a concern 
immigration law /tell/ I think that there isn't a clear path to immigrants becoming productive citizens.
I think the prices of housing , not everyone has the opportunities to afford housing some make more money than others. 
The definition of abortion affecting women's safety /tell/ That women who need DNC after a miscarriage are having trouble getting that because physicians are not wanting to perform that procedure. 
the main problem is our slide into facisim and autocracy in to a dictctator
Inflation and the cost of living is the number one thing I think right now for Americans. /AE/ I think everybody right now is struggling to be able to afford putting groceries on the table, filling our cars with gas. Us personally owning a small business it has affected us a lot. /AE/ No
the economy; its not enough jobs and enough pay with the jobs
one of them would probaby be the homeless issue; there have been so many, as the years go by there have been more and more
Wealth inequality. Tax cuts for the rich have essentially gouged the working and lower class, so even though the pie may be getting bigger the slice isn't growing enough. As a result issues like food insecurity, lack of healthcare and education still exist in the richest nation in the world. /AE/ No.
Capitalism. There's no regulations and so I feel like because of that there's no room for small business. /AE/ It doesn't allow for equality. /AE/ We'll leave it at that.
security- dont feel is as strong as we used to be to step up and protect our citizens
HUNGER- CHIDREN BEING HUNGRY
The lack of ability to get together and listen to each other
I'll just sum it up with Donald Trump /tm/ tendancy to megalomania, cronism, self grandizement at the expense of the public good
I guess in just in nut shell the trump presidency is the problem facing this country, /tm/ yeah, the problem is that theres this is culmination of the trump presidency is culmination of big business people like elon musk, people looking to have their interest in power over people with combination with that its the culmination of evanjulical movement to you know you know harnested, those two interest have combined forcces to infringe, not infrige but shut down peoples rioghts, ecmaple, friend rushing to get married, lesbinans concerned if they dont get married before 2025 in jeopardy it wont happen, feels like in prespist of a lot of peoples rights being taken away, it is sad people who have been suffering financially and other way have been duped that trump presidency and far right movement will help them and make thier lives better I think it will do the opposite 
the border
division /tell/ It's a political and economic division. 
cost of;iving/tm/housing costs and scarcity/tm/just um the number of homes being built has not kept up[ with Population growth and the needs. and that has led to a small supply and increased demand
the division between people the need for more communition and participating in groups to discuss problems that inolve people
Downfall of Democracy. /ms/ With us and globally. Cause the world's falling apart.
the economy; things are just out of control; the prices are out of control; for a senior citizen on a fixed income is so difficult; on my gas bill they have these fees and winter charges, and its amounting to more; their delivery charges are higher thatn the usage; and we have a monopoly of water, gas and electric; its killing us seniors; 
id say the economy /tm/ I feel that its unstable that we really dont know whats going to happen in the near futre or even in the extended future 
The economy is very bad, the first important thing 
regulatory capture- i think there is outside interestes of capilalist money and interest of all mones
I would say disinformation I think just about everything else branches out from that, social media, bots and disinformation.
I am terrified of Russia of what they may do... especially now that Trump is in office.""
Immagration coverage has been negative and there there is no framework for people who are already here to become legal. 
Immigration. /ms/ I think lack of process in having people come into this country.
the massive division b/w people
lack of sense of responsibility, peoiple would rather other peple work and they take fruit of their labe rather than building their own life would rather take from someone who has already established their life
I'm disturbed by the rural/urban divide. I feel it in the county and in the nation/tm/I think part of it is education level but i know some very well educated farmers and ranchers. i think it has to do with culture and different kinds of exposure to trans and homosexual people.
Immigration and border security. /ms/ There is an abundance of illegal immigration that needs to be stopped.
I would say based on this election it's misinformation, especially when people don't know who they're voting for. I mean it can lead to other issues. There's a lot of fear going on right now, people don't know who they're voting for. The way reality is now, you don't know how it seems, there are votes being cast for trump from people who are voting for him because for instance they don't think the economy is doing well, however it is, you don't know anymore. Everyone is living in a bubble, for instance the way I use social media I thought harris would win by a landslide, but it was a reality check for me, of hey, we're all in our own little bubbles. 
Inflation. 
 Womens reproductive rights  securing better healthcare options for pregnacy before,during and after 
Probably the economy /tm/ well it's overspending by our government /ao/ no
not coming to agreement, a lot of argument, very one-sided
immigration - they need to close the border - secure it more
Disinformation, disinformation is when it's intentional (misinformation is when it's not intentional); I don't know if I can briefly tell you; I do whole lessons on it in school; the majority of residents of the US do not understand or have enough information to make good decisions - social, cultural or political or medical.
President Trump. He is not educated to be president and he doesn't know the constitution or respect the constitution.
Our democracy. This country has elected a man that wants to do away with our democracy. He wants to be a king.
La economia que sube.
Open Boarders. There letting in everybody and anybody. Which is a lot of criminals, gangs, rapist, murders. You can look on the news and see it. A lot of people are being raped and murdered. They need to come in the front door and not the back. Its raised the level of our crime rates here in the US. A lot them dont have jobs or places to live also I noticed that several schools have pushed the kids out and their turning it into places where illegal immigrants have a place to live and it has totally increased our crime rates bad. /AO/ A lot of drugs are coming across the boarder still. A lot of bad drugs serious stuff. /AO/ Just that Im all for the immigrants coming in legal through the front door. It make take a little time but legally. /AO/ I think thats probably enough
DontKnow
Unity/tm/THat various side aren't able to communicate with each other and don't listen to each other.
I think that our very slow descent electoral politics to a complete facism, absolutism, christiantian fundamentalism its very scary  
racisim/tm/there is racists that feel superior from others when it shouldn't be/ae/no
more pay /probe/ well not enough pay. 
Abortion
Immigration. It's not about who's coming here. It is more about the drugs that are coming across the board. It's not necessarily the people coming across the border but how Congress is handling it. 
I think climate change is one.
student debt- too many kids going to college and graduating with it
The economy/tm/prices
No money for the middle class an the poor. Financing I guess you can call it. We're trying to live on a low income on high dollar products. We've gotta get these things down to where they're more affordable. How I dont really know, but theres got to be a way. 
inflation-out of control our  wages are not keeping up with the rising costs i should not be budgeting with food to make sure my kids have shoes. every expense is crimpling
The loss of respepct for human  life /TM/ whe i look at the news you see people are killed for no reason/TM/ people aren't disaplined and it starts with when they are a child /TM/ Many lack Chrsistian values which is also condusive to their behavior
The economy. Jobs.  /AE/ Yes, there's so much. Housing for the homeless. Food that people can't afford. We have a very poor economy.  It's like no one cares about the poor and middle class. They only care about ...If you're rich you have everything and you're on top. That is where this country lies.  It should be fair. If you are out here working hard trying to make a living you should be treated just like everyone else. /AE/ Just fairness just that it needs to be fair all the way around. All people should be treated the same there should be no difference. It should be that people can afford housing and food... the top 1 or 2 percent have billions while everyone else suffers. /AE/ no
I think the people is division, that people are divided, on the national levelof the government, that is the major problem
Donald Trump as President.
Donald Trump, MAGA, climate change, gun control, wars. That's enough for now.
Immigration /tm/ too many illegals /ao/ no
Trump; I feel like he is going manic, doing unreaistic things; changing this into a one-man-show
Apathy
inflation/tm/the rate that its increasing/ae/no
Our leader. Because its facing Communism or whatever its going to be. These people who are going to be in charge have no knowledge about what to do. They think they can just run their mouths and make everything work.
inflation, prices are incresing, gas ,the essentials, 
inflation the cost of living
DontKnow
security/po/i believe we dont have enough people on our boders to keep people out and doing background checks and we feel like we are letting our guard down/ao/
Economy. Well most people belive the economy is bad so they do a poor job in explaining the economy. They sit and watch fox new and they tell them its bad. I ean its not perfect but its not that bad. So I would suppose its the information surronding the economy/AO/ Because people don't trust it they think that its not doing well. So when there is no aith they act differently. pay 1,300 for taylor swift ticket but complain about a dozen eggs/AO/ No
I prefer to think it is a naivete, there is a horrible spread of disinformation which seems to be accepted by almost half of the country.
 illegal immigrants - theyre/ the credibility, anyone coming and no credibility w/it. no accountability or responsiblilty on backgrounds
Unemployment/tm/the percentage of people unemployed
income inequality /tm/ the disparity between the wealth of the upper class and the lower class
Cost of living/tm/I think that prices of everyday good from groceries to housing have skyrocketed in the past few years and wages haven't kept up with that, in general.
That they are looking at the people of color to disregard to make the they color to make it in life and not understand that everyone have to eat or live like everybody else. Don't choose one color over the other. Because one color do not make this world function, because it don't. /AE/ Favoritism is not the answer.  We all have to live in, lets say, not world, the same neighborhood. /AE/ We all want to get paid the same and we always want to eat the same and we always want to pay our bills the same.  It's so stupid to divide people when we all want to live the same.  /AE/ No
Job shortage /probe/ not enough jobs, underpaid, understaffed /AE/
I think things are to expensive the cost of everything is to high
There's so many. I think our biggest probem right now is our new president coming in. I think that's the biggest one with all the issues like that. /AE/ About him coming in? It's just he, I just don't trust him. i don't believe anything, i never thought I'd live long enough to see a felon become president, and I'm just disgusted by it frankly. i mean it scares me what's gonna happen, and I've never felt like that. i mean there's been presidents I've never voted for because I didn't like certain things, bt I've never felt afraid or anything like that. No, there's been democrat or republican theres been changes, but this guy, he's crazy.
Donald Trump and the MAGA movement. /what is the problem/ He is a complete con man and I feel he will take our nation into dangerous territory.
Border crisis. We have invaders coming in on the Southerm border, and they're not being vetted. I don't like the idea that we have to take care of them./ae/No.
discrimination- nobody gets along
Economy /probe/ The cost of living, the prices of food, all of it is way too high, yeah. 
Um, um I guess, hmm. What could it be... Okay, inflation.  /probe/ Oh, what is the problem. Just everything is sky high in prices I guess, gas and food and rents and houses and. /AE/ No.
The economy / TM/ Prices are too high, no one can afford anything, I think Immigration needs to be worked on and the government needs to work together instead of working apart
economy /bt/ We have lost control of pricing and what the people need to do and it's gotten very expensive: the inflation part of economy is the worst.
Rising costs, the cost of living I suppose.  /AE/ It makes it difficult to make ends meet. /AE/ no
Abortion Its wrong/ae/its Murder they say something about my body, my decision. its not your body its two different bodies.  if your aborth that body Your are committing murder
the econimic / briefly explain / no affortable / ae / no
People dont know how to communicate with each other and they dont engage in their respectful fashion and so it dosent helpo anyone one and cannot gain consesus if you are not willing to listen
The wealth distribution gap. The minimum wage jobs doesn't make a living anymore. Prices have increased due to inflation and compensation has slightly increased but not enough for inflation. The 1 percent own more money than the 99 percent combined and that feels messed up to me. /AE/ No.
The government. No one communication. False information. ao/no
The economy. /ms/ Cost of living; prices of food and gas.
Division/tm/government, state, all the way up to federal are trying to divide people based on religion, race, sexual orientation, values, the list goes on.
racism is still the biggest problem
Racism /MT/ I think that tere is either a occult or maybre  not do occult levels ot racis m fueling Donald Trump and the Maga movenet /ae/ 
Well the economy certianly. I think it's the inflation and the cost of food housing and things that are impacting low income americans and everyone. I think the old quote was it is the economy, stupid" that came out of prior elections. "
Well um, it' just things are not organized, it's not in order like it should be, I just think that black people is gettig a bad deal, they're on the bottom of everything and it's not getting no better, a lot of predjudice going on and it should be better, 400 years and it's too much /AE/ yeah definitely, maybe this is not the question you asking it's just like um a lot of our young men are getting killed and shot down for the same stuff they're getting picked up for drugs and they got drugs in the jail and they're messing them up, it's a big business, I feel good saying how I feel about certain things, I have children and I pray it will be better before I pass, for them but for me too while I'm here /AE/ yes ma'am I think that it should be some changes in the prison system, the correction officers not doing their job because they're sitting by and letting the prisoners get abused I had a [REDACTED FAMILY MEMBER] that made time in jail and he was beat up and the police just watched the gangs beat him up and didn't do anything and they shipped him off before we could do anything about it /AE/ He suffered from the being beat up in prison and nothhing be done about it basically that's all I can say on that matter, I'm sure a lot of people are going through the same thing, I'm just telling you what happened to my [REDACTED FAMILY MEMBER] and it shouldn't happen /AE/ Well uh, the blacks don't get treated fair with jobs, wherever even prison jobs, they don't get a fair deal like the white does, all over the world theyre not getting treated fari in jobs, police officer, fire fighters, the black are just not treated fair /AE/ oh yeah, I got a good one, the people that work 30 years and waiting to get their retirement money like if your husband dies I couldn't he was in the [REDACTED MILITARY BRANCH] I'm his wife and they denied me because I divorced him but I was married to him and I had his children and I went to get the money and they denied me and I think it's wrong
I think there are multiple problems this country is faced with now, racism, sexism homophobics, bigots.. I'll focus on sexism. I think the devide between men and woman is increasingly going every day and I think it is creating a inbalance where womans rights are in danger of being taken away with every new law or idea that is set in to motion. /AE/ No 
The divisiveness and anger which go together
Refusal
La economia, la inflacion esta muy caro todo, y los sueldos siguen igual
job rate pay- I dont think enough money to survive.  they dont make
Immigration /tm/ Too many illegals /ao/ no
the economy
Too many to list really. We'll say immigration for one, illegal.
economy
The Economy. Far too much inflation and the dollar can't keepup with it.
too many special interests, both in companies and in individuals
the economy /tm/ inflation in prices in domestic prices at an extreme rate /ao/ no
Climate change. /pi/None of the other problems matter if we don't have a place to live. /pae/it's existential /pae/ that's it.
Well, we have our president back now; it's just a question of getting our economy back on track.
Probably the national debt and all the individual debt of Americans.
Too much violence/tm/That's about all you hear on the news anymore...shootings and killings, robberies, road rage, hit and run. There is all kinds of violence.
Economy. /ms/ Inflation and cost of goods.
Control  too much government our view points  on health and what we read. 
Refusal
Donald trump. I think he's in it for his own power.
MAGA Movement/tm/racist, sexist, stupid, cult, too much power
Violence. /ms/ Guns, kids are getting, killing everybody. Police not getting the proper training and taking their authority to the next level. Sentences, judges...make up their own.
Just the country's so divided, um, I mean basically we're so divided we can't speak with eachother anymore, there's no compromise, we've become a two party system, you're not even allowed to speak with someone form te other party, from a congressional standpoint. I don't think you can have political discourse with anybody, friends family, work mates, yeah I'm thinking that's the end of the statement I think.
probably the economy /tm/ well prices are still a little higher than most people are comfortable wtih and the economy is not exactly even and fair in all areas, housing still very high in a lot of areas and childcare, transportation, things that impact people
Immigration /TM/The fact that we have open boarders and coming across and not going through the legal process and entry points and not registering. that is why just coming across the Rio. Just not one, coming across in varration directions which is adding to crime. There is no vetting process just coming across in droves. 
Enviromental concerns. Climate change is making whole sections of the country unlivable. 
Unemployment and immigration. /ms/ I would prefer to see the unemployment rate improving, people working. And I'd like to see border security; people coming to America through legal channels.
violence, too much of it, school shootings /AE/ No
Outsourcing manufacturing, free trade, unbridled unregulated free trade leading to outsourced manufacturing
Well, the economy. Well, our wages aren't very high and everything else is extremely high. Utilities, groceries, the cost of living. /AE/ No.
Donald Trump as our leader. AE/How he's going to do everthing he choooses to do is just like aaaaaah. AE/Our relationships with other countries, immigration, drugs. The economy is not my big thing; but I know it is for some people. Health care is not always good for people so there's all kinds of things of getting doctors and medical help for poor people. AE/No. 
individual people still trying to recover from recent economic turbulance
The most important problem facing our country right now is division, amongst ourselves. Also out militry is no good no more, and we're not keepung p our strength and we could be overtaken technologically, they could do it in one step.
We are very divided, there's a lot of misinformation, I don't think people understand the news sources they trust and that informs their decisions.
The biggest issues, the economy.  The price of everything has gone up exponentially under Joe Biden. And, the focus, the economy, under Joe Biden has been less on the economy and more on other issues that are less important. The bills and policies that Joe Biden and the democratic party have proscribed for the economy, I feel, are weakiening the economy instead of strengthing it. And inflation has gone up so much under his watch, Joe Biden's watch. Additionally the Democratic party likes to spend money on things that hurt the economy. All in All we need the price of everyday goods to go down, we need to bring jobs back to the United States, we need less taxes and a smaller government.  And, we should cut government spending where it is not needed. Additionally we need lower rent costs and housing costs. And, part of it is bringing more jobs here and cutting unnessary spending. I personally never felt a difference except under Joe Biden in terms of the economy.  Everything was super expensive initially and that was more than a reactionary event beccause of Donald Trump's presidency. Because under Donald Trump I was making more money than I ever have and under Obama I wasn't making as much but still the economy under Joe Biden was crazy. Crazy bad. So I think the cost of goods is the number one concern of most Americans and I think the government needs to do some things about that.  /AO/ no
Um, Probably violence /wt/ Uh, I just think theres a lot of gun violence, towards people 
economic issues/tm/that big busuiness are primarly in control so it creates a further divide between classes
I would say probably haveing decent paying jobs in the future. Having a job being able to deal with the everyday growing market. I'm jobs are lacking in pay, smaller can't afford their own place. People are renting out rooms, and people aren't having houses like in the past. That's become a common thing The everyday working american is not being able to afford housing and food even though their going to work everyday and paying taxes everyday. I feel like the day that you graduated school, where you had a. Hopefully we are able to keep up with the growing expenses
uh, economy / I think the economy can be better as far as prices for groceries, prices for fuel, it could be beter /AE/ it's just making it hard for people to buy homes, rent homes, groceries, basiclly it makes it hard on people, especially people who are retired like myself and it makes it hard when social security doesn't go up as much as inflation does and we got it hard / AE/ prices, basicilly / AE/ no
financial/po/ price increas eon everything making it impossible to survie taking out so much taxes and you dont gdet any government assistance as they say youare making to much but you still have to live.
the border, immigration and the border
government spending; i dont think they really know how to actually; i think they arepockeitn more than they are using
Inflation. /ms/ Housing rates are too high, groceries are too high (when you have to pay $4 a dozen for eggs, that's too high.
The fact that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer, there's not enough help for the poor people in this country, it's a shame /AE/ That they should really help people with diabiilites a lot more than they do, they don't do enough /AE/ what else... um... uh they should also help the american, the vietnam vets, they should help them more as well, and the people with social security they should help them too, the older people, like my mom, she's on social securtity, she should get help too /AE/ No that's it for now
Debt. We have a lot of debt and we continue spending without earning.
inflacion, las cosas estan muy caras
division  we are a divided country.
abortion rights, they are trying to ambolish abortion rights and I see that as anti woman
The economy, crime. /ms/ We're not thriving as much as I know we can, as what I've seen in the past. Crime is out of control in my area.
afortable housing-they are not affotable only make big houses that cost $300,000 or $400,000.  Apartments are not affortable and they only make big houses available
Economy. Everything's up, prices are so high you can't live. Gas prices and groceries. That's what I'm hoping to change. /AE/ No.
Education. In their sex education programs, they are offering very young children, and I'm talking 9-year olds, all these sexual options and asking them to decide what they think they are. I know children who have had this experience and gotten so confused, almost suicidal, because they were so confused about having to choose what they are. We have gone overboard with all these sexual options. These are young children--what the heck. And they don't advise parents either.
Prices attention to rural america
one problem is definitely the extreme cultural and political divides that which not only prevent ppeople from seeing and hearing and understanding one another but also prevents us from maybe getting things done that would be a benefit to the majority of people
I would unity I feel the country is very broken we push for things that should not matter .   we supporting social media is  pushing standard instead on what  the country use to stand for . we  look and thing that support social media relavance.
Jobs/p/The pay/AE/It's not enough...not enough jobs/AE/No
The gun control and shootings in the schools
Political polarization /probe/ We can't solve problems together and thereofre can't get anything done /ae/no
population control. The planet is overpopulating, and we are right there in the middle of it./ae/lack of responsiblity for overpopulation In terms of the male populace. you see cialys ads and yet congress is . females are being saddled with the responsiblity. what little ability females have is being hindered by the males moslty
Immigration. Too many illegal immigrants crossing the border.
The wars /wt/ Just causing more conflict involving our country with it
The devisiveness between people, and the emboldenment of people to express themselves in a way that creates disdain and confrontations.
trying to limit abortion access/po/it is bad for women for womens access to education harmful for society and children who are born to difficult situations/ao/no
Environment
DEMOCRACY-THAT THERE IS GOING TO BE DISREGARD FOR IT AND AHIGHTENED  LEVEL OF PEOPLE THINKING OF INDIVITUAL GOALS AND THING OF THEMSELVES
The economy / TM / Prices are too high and there's too muich gauging particularly with essential goods
the congress cant negotiate with each pother. there is no fix for the problems./ae/they dont come up with any solutions. no agreement on anything, the house is divided and the country is divided.
Gun control, it's mostly due to school shootings and because how someone of a minor age can get access to a gun now so easily /AE/ And also too many black markets that has them /AE/ Nope that's it
Racism, I think with Trump will def get worse. 
Immigration /wt/ Open border /wt/, letting too many illegals in 
climate. People aren't paying enough attention to it. We need to take better care of it. We're not taking care of it right. 
democracy /tm/ I feel that donald trump and the maga movement are a threat to democracy and I am just dumbfounded that they would ever be in power.
protecting cocial probems; social security medicare; we need to keep those programs; it matters to me; these social progrms are there for a reasons - we are not lesser than
border control
gun violence /P- what is the problem/ it is very easy to access a gun, very easy to purachase a gun, mental helath problems feeling disconnected, people who are not able to constructrively manage their problems, they are violent and they kill people, with machine style weapons
inflation/po/everything its all so expensive/ao/no
Problemas de inmigracion. De entar al pais de paises sudamericanos.
The cost of living is too high and paycheck and salaries are not keeping up with it. Big issue with illegal immigration, although legal immigration is a good thing.  
National Security  ultimaly no  not  only cover our national borders but  our  economic solvency but our health and other viruses coming in from other countries .
Healthcare and lack of regulations on big business and education the supreme court is a disaster. Health care is not universal and a great country provide for their people.
The uh, the economy /tm/ well, the price of anything gone so high /ao/ that's one
Economics /probe/everything went up everything is sky high and nothing is going down. it seems like every day everything is going up up up gas products you anme it. it is out of control. the economy sorry used the wrong term
the economy; i feel like inflation or just higher prices, and stagnant wages
economy/po/just prices of things everything is practually doubled and when your on ss its tough/ao/no
divisiveness  /tell/ We can't move forward on common ground.
um nationalism /P/ nationalism, briefly, is um the focusing on internal problems versus external global issues, it makes you kinda of tunnel vision and it also creates a posere (?) oh gosh how do put it, hospital habitat for racism, anti-democratic behavior, um, and basically just nasityness in general / P/ nationalism keeps us from working with out global partners, nationalism encourages us to be, uh, to overlook out democratic ways, or our democratic system, to realign our democratic system with one that fits ... does not bode well with humanitarian effort around the globe and it is very I giess how do i put it, it is very frieghening for me for our miliatary at this time with nationalism on the rise because it encourages violent force to maintain control over the movement /AE/ No
The economy /probe/ I don't think it is working for the middle or lower class with the cost of inflation risind I think some folks are having a problem getting their basic needs met
lack of trust in government
economy /tm/ everything is so expensive throught US, impossible to pay the bills, interest way too high impossible tobuy houses housing market skyrocketed /ae/ thats about it
Civil unrest
Inflation It's gotten too high it's out of control. /AE/ Nobody seems to be addressing it.  /AE/ No
Too many guns
The economy /wm/ the gas prices are so high it's causing the prices at the market, at the grocery stores and all the retail stores to be extremely high
people seem way too concerned upset and activated over things that have no affect or bearing on their lives directly. 
Social issues in general. /ms/ Caring about minorities, immigrants, homeless people, abortion, and racism.
Inflation. Everything is too high. Everybody has to live to eat.
Immigration. It is not done properly; The people that want immigrate need to better their own country instead of coming over here and upsetting the status quo. Vote for your own president make changes in your own country. Maybe they need to banned together and demand change for their nationality and their country like the venezuliations and brazilians. I mean like why the ywant to come up here. Im ean if they want hel pI understand theat. But to leave and come up north is not gone solve any problems really else. /ao/ no
Inflation, everything is too expensive /AE/ other than not being able to afford food no social security only goes so far /AE/ No
Gun control. Too many guns are getting out in the streets. Too many school shootings. Too many kids getting ahold of guns. 
they're taking away from the schools for the kid's education
christian fundamentalism and authoritarianism generally /tm/ theyre represive authroitarian movements that are stealing our rights destroying our ecojnomy and killing people
the economy- the direction that it is headed
Economics /tm/ we spend money in places we have no business spending money
Refusal
i feel that everythging is very expensive. You you are on a fixed income  as a senior you have to do a lot of budgeting.
The economy/tm/Things cost too much. Everything tpoo expensive, groceries, gas, cost of living. And it's not just Seattle.
Warm and favorable/not using the booklet/rq/i don't know
the lack of Christianity we are here to love one another and be kind and love one another which it tells us in Ephisians 432, /tm/ Im sure you heard about the shooting in the school and all that I dont know if someone was unkind we are not suppose to kill anyone seems like no one cares what the bible says anymore /ao/ no just I wish everyone could love one another regardless
economy/tm/it is out of control, the prices the gas, food
The border. /ms/ The open border: people crossing over the border. No restrictions at the border.
Wealth inequality/tm/i just dont want o start a floodgate. people In power are hoarding resources and forcing everyday people to fight Over the crumbs and pitting us against each other. and creating cultural wars a  distraction from real  problems like climate change., women's rights to Our Bodies,  affordablity and access to medical care. 
Homelessness/tm/The cost of housing
womens rights; the healthcare access; with the states gaining control, the limiting accress of healthcare
inflation, I used to be able to buy a 12pack of Dr Pepper I remmber being able to buy it for $3-$4, I thought it was crazy paying $3 for a bag of Doritos, a 12 pack of Dr. Pepper is now $9-$12 and a bag of Doritos is $6, and we're talking 10 years /AE/ I mean various other things but everything is more expensive but those are the two things I like to buy the most, but now I can't buy them as much, I have to eat real food yuck /AE/ No that'll be all
i think its equal treatment of all citizens
Illegal Immigrants/WT/ I am okay with them getting their visa and citizenship but I am not okay with them taking jobs away from americans. Yes they are paying less but they are taking many Americans jobs. I am not okay with them coming illigally
Equality. It's not distriubuted equally. I can do a crime being black and get three times the time a caucasian would and get three times the ammount of prison versus a caucasian, doing the same crime. 
politica; no esta dirijida al bien pubico, lo esta dirijifo a otros intereses
world war 3// everybody is going to die in this one. It's going to go nuculer
Inequality, yeah um so I mean by race, gender, socioeconomic status /AE/ That covers it for now
immigration; with Biden letting all the immigrante coming over
Oh to choose only one... probably the economy, um things cost too much and theres not enough help for the poor, the people at the bottom /AE/ No I think that's all
I want to say..The Economy.  Everything is going up in prices I gotta work two jobs just to keep up with the water. Me and my wife work two jobs. /AE/ not really just hope it gets better. /AE/ No
Equatity. There is a large difectional in equatable oppurtunities or marganiziled groups and their not able to or the inability to live comfotable in america. /AO/ We just dont offer solutins that help progress better oppurtunites for those who dont come from money./AO/ The struggle that our communities face with unhoused persons who are fighting for their lives everyday and we dont offer enough reasources or supplys to help elevate them out of their situatuon./AO/ No
the high cost of the economy, in that one, like a I don't know how to say this, a one income household is unable to live daily life /AE/ No
Pricing on everything the marketing on everything its just real high
Education /TM/ I feel like our country is so poorly educated that its affecting every other bit of sociiety from health care to the financial issues and the wage gap and I think that if we could fix the problems in education we could fix a lot of it /AE/no
Extremism/tm/it doesn't solve problems/tm/it prevents proper dialogue and communication
I'm not sure, What was the question?  Umm, I'd say poverty. Not like having enough money for stuff I need, like food and shelter and basic needs. That is a problem for a lot of people.  /AE/ Cause stuff is expensive and I'm not sure Stuff like that. /AE/ No
People that are in congress now they dont stay with the rule of law, they can justify literally anything they want to do
the cost of living is too high/tm/meaing the minimum wage is Low and the cost of housing is too high and you have MultiPle jobs too survive. /ae/no that'll be it
Education. /ms/ I think that the better educated people are, the better decisions they make on the national and international level. Most people are not educated; they read poorly; they are easy to persuade because they don't know facts.
healthcare, pharmaceutical run this country and pharmacy are too high
I think that the biggest problem is lack of diversity or DEI, diversity, equity and inclusion.  I just don't think that they should be taking away things that are still broken.  I think diversity, equity and inclusion was put in place for a reason and it hasn't been fixed so they shouldn't be getting rid of it. /AE/ No
Discrimnation and hate/tm/I feel there is alot of discriantion and hate against Minorities and religious miniorities and peaopl of color and LGBTQ/ae/no
We have a problem with unity in our country/tm/It's too much division, dividing catagories of people.
hate: i think there is hate between the people; the other side is not important
Economy (probe) the current prices of food and necessities in todays market /AE/ rets , morgages, that type of thing /AE/
Sin; Keeps us divided from actuality from God and each other. Thatsabout it
personal rights, I don't want to say personal then, women's rights and not being um enforced, or being... right to say... what is it? there's so much, it's um that our right to make our own decisions is being taken away and put under religious reasons, that makes no sense but you can write that down /AE/ No 
Abortion rights/ WT/ Women should be able to choose 
a big cutural divide we are being split by the more wealthy about fighting about race and different oproblems and not dealing with price gouging and heakth care.
Illegal Immegrants, Come in the right way dont sneak in. Thats all im asking come in the right way dont sneak in/AO/ There seems to be more crime when they come in illegally and they keep coming back in illegal and Ive seen reports were people have been deported multiple times and keep getting let back in/AO/No
the lack of unity /tm/ the people do not consider themselves amaericans but, you know but theyre more toward their political party not americans were all ones they see themselves in differenct camps but were all in ther same bnoat should be pulling together instead of appart /ae/ thats the biggest problem cant get anything done
inflation
Well, inflation, the border,
I don't think it's just problems facing the US, I think it's problems facing everybody, with the economics, everyone seems to be having a harder time, being afraid of what's going to happen
Political discourse. Unwillingness on either side to have bipartisan agreements. 
crime; it literally every where; even in the branches of government, where it should not be
Economics  /wt/ Just the inflation 
The economy, under the current administration the restriction on the energy industry has been a big impact on the economy.  
Donald Trump; he's immoral;
The economy. Things are too expensive. /AE/ Housing is very unaffordable. /AE/ The cost of food. Food is very expensive. /AE/ That's about it really.
there are alot of false narratives/ alot of people are blaming the joe biden and Kamakala harris on prices and that was the main reason the election went the way it did.
The economy, It is not properly addressing issues with the working class or the middle level /AE/ Lots of problems, but I don't have any specific /AE/ No, not specifically
Division among people.  Under Donald Trump he open Pandora box for hate  like Neo Nazi, klan for people to  expound on 
Border control we spent over 66 billion to illegal immigrant and only 3 billion to homeless veterans 750$ to people in north carolina but 60 billion to illegal immigrants
Poverty. /probe/ People, you know, food, housing, things are not too high up and not affordable, people trying to make it and not affordable. The economy sucks.
Unity among all of us. /ms/ You know, coming together for the good of all people. Just learning to listen to each other.
jobs. There is not enough jobs for everyone in this country. So, More jobs. 
Violence /probe/ basically people getting killed over small little things that maybe can be resolved in other ways
Women's rights in terms of abortions and autonomy of their own bodies.
The economy but that is getting a lot better/probe/ prices at the grocery store, we used to buy coke for 4$ and now it is almost 7$, almost 50% higher. /ae/house prices i don't know how anyone can afford a house anymore/ae/ no
thats a very good question; political animocity; just the way, since the Tea Party came along, politicta has become like a religion, and the can see know other way; polititils are picking this up, and this is serious problem; I dont undertand it where I live; I don't have alot of contact with rebiblicans , but I think thi i the biggest problem
Dont know how you can put it but no one gets along. you either on one side or the other and you are hitting heads together. Just trying to find the word. It's just I say black you say white we are arguing because it is grey. there is no even temperment right or wrong
The environment/tm/the whales are dying/ae/the plastic waste ending up in oceans
Border control. Well, they let too many in. /ae/ No.
Poverty. Too many people are living in poverty. 
taxes-i feel like they are taxeing the misddle and lower class too much
The economy. /ms/ Things getting so high, and the rate of living is getting lower...wages are not matching what the economy is doing to us with high prices that a lot of us can't afford it.
at this point lack of the need to self inform on the part of the citizenship
Appointments to the...Donald Trump's appointments. The crazy people he's appointing to his cabinet.
Probably just the a ethics. Just the way certain groups treat other groups. /AE/ No
Homeless. Not doing enough for homeless people. 
inflation, I think it's hurting individulas and business are taking advantage of it
threat to democracy /tm/ I think with the current election and the way the appointments are being made and the individuals put up for govt positions I think everything is being done in a facist style and I think that is a threat to democracy
illigals comming over the boarder and draining our reserve
No countability  I feel a lot people are getting away  with every thing starting with minors are getting away with murder and they get a smack on the wrist and they get away with it 
taxes-taxes too high
Gun control/ WT/ that guns are avalible to people who shouldnt have them and the types of guns 
migrants, um they're violent, they're uneducated, they're useless, the ones I see in manhattan, in new york city, there's no good in what they do it seems /AE/ yeah, it was extremely poorly planned bringing them in here, there was no organization /AE/ No that's it
Inflation. /ms/ Just cost of goods, cost of going out to eat, cost of housing, insurance going up; accident insurance going up and your State Farm agent tells you it's goinng up. I have a family o f five, and we go to IHOP and it's like $100.
So many problems but greatest problem is the sever threat posed by the election of donald trump and the supreme political illiteracy of the people who voted for him. Going futher into detail huge section of country unhappy with spot in life. instead of recognizing joe biden was making strives to our lives but they were so desperate that when they turned back in they choose donal trump a convitected fellon. who said he would be a dictator on day one and will try to prosecture his political opponents and rivals and who plans to in all likelyhood destory social security medicare and medicaid and it is curtial for seniors including myself. It is terrible that in an age when we should be focucing on world wide danger of climate change american has side tracked into deestorying itself with donald trump most of our political problems stem from MAGA and odnald trump. So many people unhappy with their lot in life they are willing to try a dictatory. didn't well for the poeple in italy under musilini or people in germany under hitler or people in russia under putin. 
Im really concerned about reproductive freedoms right now.
jobs-not working, believes there's jobs, but not enough people wanting to work
Intelligence, Lack of /AE/ opinionated, they think they know things based upon what they've read in non-good, non-valid material /AE/ I think it's the social world that goes on there now, the computer socials are very opinionated and they don't understand what they say, they don't look at something and see it as true, because of lack of intelligence /AE/ No that's enough
federal deficient/po/its massively too large
no i don't have one
To me the border. The Unites States can't afford those people coming over, so many of them. We need to finish the wall down there. I think that will be the main shutoff to get control of who comes in. /AE/ Well, no, I guess it's the court systems that bring them in and when it comes to their trial, I don't know what it is.
Racism, people think that its okay to hate people for their skin color and its not. On the same note people think that singling out one race is okay and its not, all lives matter.
Division, there's a lot of divisions and pinning on each other now causing more conflict than there should be, you HAVE to pick a side and can't be in the middle of the road so there's a lot of conflict. It's unfortunate 
Well abortion obviously is one. They're trying to take away the rights of the women, minnesota doesnt have that but other states do. 
Immigration's number one. /wt/ The immigration system is extremely broken, and we have allowed people to flood in four years.
Everybody is getting too much rights to a point where there is no more discipline, no respects, everbody rights are being catered to. Theres no limit. There has to be a benchmark. And people get into volient was of expresing oneself. /AO/ with that type of people tend to get into shooting to express themselves, getting people killed, mass shooting, people running into people with their own vehicle. There has to be set disipline/AO/ It just about the money most time. It just about what your going to get. from businesses, indiviudalseven up to the government/Ao/No
taxes. I think just affordability of them, especially middle class. 
The division of the country
Okay, I think deprioritizing Americans and prioritizing everyone else. /AO/ I think that is the fundamental cause of the biggest problems we face. So immigration, inflation, health care. The cause of those problems is that were putting the priority of others ahead of working Americans. /AO/ No
economy /ae/ inflation, high taxes, people not wanting to work, installation of the minimum wage /ae/ governtment giving handouts to people making them not want to work /ae/
pollution, air pollution, all pollution /tm/ yes its number one its destroying the ozone which in turn is changing the weather patterns for not only the US but also for the world and it affects everything else thats associated with the change in weather, its migration of whales, its changing in animal behavirr and if affects the migration of the butterflies, all of those things etc etc etc are affected by pollution 
um, I'll say the economy / TM / wages aren't keeping up with inflation
Deportation /TM/ Sending people back to their countries and they cam e here to build a better life for them and their families /ae/no
Where we allocate the time and money goverment funding
food prices
The open border
Immigration /probe/the problem is currently it is unfeathered letting people in with little to no vetting. I was a fan of the previous policy of remain in mexico./ae/no
Inflation, what's the problem with inflation? the problem is that everything is going up and our salaries are not going up as fast as inflation or not going up at all /AE/ No that's it... basically people can't afford the same products that we could buy a few years ago, it's just getting out of hand /AE/ No that's it 
Lack of housing for the homeless is a big one now, especially in our state
Energy. I think we need to be more self suffiecient again. Our government shouldn't be subsidizing alternate fuels.
Safety. /probe/ Just making sure that you're secured, I don't know how to answer that either, make the country safe. /AE/ I can't know how to answer that one, I just say safety, make it secure and safe that's all I can say. You don't knwo where you're going, from one place or another. Some of these questions are kind of hard to answer. /AE/ No.
The economy /tm/ the prices skyrocketing /ao/ no
The worst is probably the economy. I think it's catering to the wealthy people and I'm not wealthy.
Immigration. Well there crossing the boarder pretty fast in large number. Its just impossible to screen all those people
Everything went up. Everything is expensive.[CHAR(13)][CHAR(10)]
their isn't anytime for the kids, there isn't time for them to do anything. I believe the amesume parks be like the regular parks. When you don't have the means
Immigration  /probe/ Non citizens coming into the country 
immigration, I probed for more info and he laughed and said, we're being invaded, the border just opening and anyone can walk through, terrorists, it's a big national security risk /AE/ the cost, it's costing us billions and billions of dollars and they're giving it to immigrants and not to people of this country, they're paying for their meals, hotel and clothing, what do we get? /AE/ I could go on and on but I'm good
To obey, Obey the law. /AE/ Voting election./ AE/ no
The economy/tm/raising prices of necessities and lack of livable wages.
Give too much money to other countries, causes inflation, that comes out of my pocket.
Immigration. Too much of a population is moving in at too little of a time, you know too much at one time. 
immigration
The security in our schools; Its out of cotrol the need to do better. 
Unemployment. There is so many people out there that are trying to get a job and there seems to be no job available for them. 
division; well I think people are very poliarized
Crime. Violence. Open border policy. Culture of violence. Crime related to unregulation, border crime.
Let me see, the prices of everything is so high, so that's my main gripe is the prices. Cause I often think of my mother and father and saw the prices, they'd be dead again you know.
not enough domestic goods created or domestic jobs that create goods for us in our country
Inmigracion. Controlar un poco mas como ayudar a la gente esa para que arreglen legalmente estar aqui en estados unidos. 
The cost of living/ AE/  I just feel like the inflation has been higher than the median household family income. /AE/ 
The economy. That we have prices that are above the cost for food or things or housing. 
The inmigration, Elegal inmigration
illigal imigration
immigration/po/illigally entering the county and its been allowed by our president administration
Disconnect of people and political figures , disconnect between people in general 
immigration, crime, spent finances these are the top 3 , immigration there are laws on the books that arent being followed and if they did follow it we wouldnt have an immigration problem .
The Economy /probe/ prices are too high, taxes are too high /AE/ no that's it I think
Energy and economy, because energy effects economy vastly.
Mexiccans and the indians and the muslims/ae/ no I dont like  the indians taking over the businesses. The mexicans are getting all the jobs and bizness.
The Economy. The prices of goods have outpaced the increase in wages. /AE/ That's it.
transgender
the cost of living; as a single mom of [REDACTED NUMBER] its difficult; i make too much money and I can;t afford anything
Racism. All rascism that affects poipulatiuons that the United States claims we're good for
economy. it's poor
the govt dosent know whats going on; 
vision in our country /ae/ I jut feel like Americans are not coming together /ae/The division of people not coming together, it is not so much about racism, racism coes in all shades of color /ae/ 
Illegal people crossing the border in Mexico I dnt know what part of the government bu t they are giving them m oney and food stamps /ae/no
honestly think number one segrgation of morales of our leadership
Guns. Unit instead of shooting all the time
The economy. It just keeps going up.
Damage control of the Trump Administration
Migrants.  Open Border
accountability /tm/ I think there is no accountabilty when you do something wrong there is no repercussions part of the problem with voter turnout is most people think there is no ramifications of their actions.
Immigration/WT/ Its not a problem with immigration it is illegal immigration we need to understand to understand who is coming across our boarders and what their intentions are. In an effort to try and keep the country safe and secure from ill intentions 
wage inequity/tm/ Just that there are so many that have so much and so many that have so little and there should be a way to bridge the gap/ae/no
Taxes, too high
Our government spends more money outside of our country instead of inside our country rebuilding it's infastructure. Using our tax money.
Jail systems are in horible shape  because of the aclu -there is no sense of the respect - the jail  inmates have no respect and the just can do what they want to do.
inflation
open borders in order to have soverienty as a nation we need to have regulations as to who can and cannot enter our borders and we have to have an effective program to naturalization.
economy/po/people still have to live day to day paycheck to paycheck and food prices have steadily gone up/ao/no
The economy. The cost of living.
Homelessness. People being forced out of their units. Rents are being raised and there is no consideration for people not being able to pay. Yeah right now we're reffering to people as outdoor residents. /AE/ I mean we shouldn't have that. I mean it's fixable. That shouldn't be. That shouldn't be a problem. There is program that is helping people maintain their units. It's called HPRP. If they are going to lose thier units money is given to help them pay that. And I think it's up to a year. /AE/ Yeah, and addition to working with people to maintain their units. If jobs are a problem we work with on that as well. You know job readiness, job coaching, stuff like that. /AE/ We work with people around  assesments by way of upscaling and rescaling and we try to determine what are the skill gaps and closing the gaps and meet their employer needs. /AE/ Trum just closed the door on DEI diversity equity and inclusion. So he's not helping and he's problem centered and not solution focused. So he's making the problem worse.  I mean culture is everything on jobs. and if their is a group you're focused towards why not promote your group.  Employee resource groups is what they are called.  /AE/ no
Immigration. /probe/ Probably the controversy on wether they're allowed in america or not allowed in america, I think legally they should be allowed, illegally no. 
the right president in the office. To Hold thigs together/ae/ that's it
Let the country down everthing expensive dirty a lot of guns. people are getting very ugly
Immigration, They don't have any, they just let anybody in, ridiculous /AE/ No
Inflation, the economy. /ms/ Increased cost of living, the price of livinng, grocery prices, housing prices. 
Unmonitored immigration /probe/ I think were being overwhelmed with people coming in illegally /TM/ its burdening the state social service programs /ae/I believe that its increaseing crime across the nation/ae/ no
The economy. /ms/ It's trashed. We are in debt beyond our ears. Inflation is not what we are told it is. It is much worse under Biden.
Economy/tm/I hate tariffs
poor knowledge of everything in the world
Economy. 
too much spending, to big of governements. congress and the seanate are doing too Much spending/ae/no
Inflation immigration city safety and education /rq/inflation econmic economy/probe/inflation is ya know its make people make a living is tough. the morgage rate is high and house prices is high and daily cost is doubled compared to before. It is very difficult right now. /ae/ I think that is all
Economics /p/ The cost of living rising.
The gap between rich and poor, which is increasing.  
Suicide/tm/A loss of self value, self-importance. A minimization of personhood,
the economy
One problem now how divided this country is. Its hard to describe. I feel that people in higher positions are making decisions that affect all of the people that they shpuldn't. no/ao/
CLimate control our world is heating so badly and I am so frieghtend Trump pulled us out of that agrement and says drill baby drill so affraid wont be a world left
Economic /probe/ I think the prices are too high for american people/ae/no
The debt ceiling, that's a shame what they're doing today, Nobody has the courage to stop doing what they're doing  with it, kicking the can down the road instead of balancing the budget, in your home if you've got more going out than you've got coming in, you're not going to have a home anymore and I would say that it's just a matter of good common sense /AE/ That's it
Need ot fix the problem disable there is a lot of people that need money,but they are not getting it because it takes so long. and we need to fix it
Racism. People not pulling together to accomplish the one main goal of the country, and that is bringing them together. And the leaders are the ones not being the ones to bring the people together, keeping them separate.
I think the threat to democracy is...whether we'll have free and fair elections, the rule of law. That's the biggest threat. The threat to democracy is the biggest threat the country faces.
Inflation
immigration /tell/ We are letting too many people across that we haven't done background checks on and checked out
Poverty; Homelessnes and our veteraans children, 
Climate change. The need to take effective actions. 
The cost of groceries.
I just say the debt that the country's in.
THE ECONOMY-JOBS AND COST OF LIVING
Elective representatives care more of enriching them self thant the people they represent. They dont really listen to the contituents that the people living in their area, they should all have term limits
disinformation /tell/ Our public does not know the truth and this can be on both political sides. I should say, does not hear the truth. 
Cost of living. Very high cost of living. Inflation is astronomical. You see a lot of people struggling.
gun control/po/too many peoples have access to them
Reasoning, most parties are left or to right the reasonable center is lacking
corrreuption-specifically campain fiance law and the the campaign fiance system
The inability to cooperate throughout all of government. Cooperate and make concessions. /AE/ The fact that decisions have to be firmly one way or the other, there's just no middle road. /AE/ The budget is a big thing and each side is using the budget to forward whatever issues they want to move forward, they can't compromise, they can't find a place to compromise. That to me is one of the bigger issues. /AE/ I don't think so.
inflammation, is that how you say it,  everything is going up, everything is expensive
The economy/tm/The economy has slowed down considerably in the last 2 months
The concern of the American people/ms/Population of the US//what concerns?/Their welfare
I believe the biggest proiblem is the woke movement I guess there are two big problems and the woke movement and inflation is the 2nd bigges/rq/the woke movement/probe/I guess the woke movement is everyone to try to get everyone to conform to what they want them to be or getting people to accepted or forced to accept things they dont want to accept and shouldn't have to accept i guess you could say and bringing it into the schools is my bigges issue. just making kids be aware of things and being forced into things theyshouldn't be into. /ae/ no
Refusal
I think the biggest problem is the economy inflation inflations going. it cost me twice as much to go to the grocery stoe now. Were fortunate we can fish and hunt to offset those otsts.Not everyone has those options. Vant buy a house now anymore, thats a problem were dealing ith with kids. what used to would buy this hause wontharldy buyyanything anymore. 
THe education system is flawed. Now their trying to push the New age stuff on the kids. their curriculum is based off of a IPads, where they can just upload a subject or a you know, a topic on their computer they can teach the kids. There doesn't seem to a lot vetting or studying of the teachers, theat their learning the subject before they're pushing it on the kids. The teacher unions are kind of skewed up from what i've learned. 
Biden, he's a crook/ae/no he's been in policits a long time. I got a website I go to that covers this stuf.. The site X, formerly Twitter. 
Contention, I think it was so bad that one candidate undid everything the previous candidate did, even that which was good. I mean when you start undoing what was good to oppose the other candidate that's not good and that is bringing us to a place that is not good.  And then they have people who have unhealthy lifestyles that support them, like transgender in sports and using public restrooms and people that give money to them instead of using common sense. /AO/ Well I think that we've seen that the people that are supporting certain candidates have so much power and pursuasion that when they have rioting in the streets they don't take action to stop it because they don't want to offend their contributors. /AO/ No
inflation/po/the cost ofliving has gone up tremendously but the wages havent making it so most people cant live comfortably
The economy/tm/I think that there's an inequitable spread of wealth. there's an imbalance of jobs to people who want jobs living expense are too high for peeps on minimum wage. haousing is too expensive. there are concerns about Social Security running Out that's all I got
transparenecy. i fell that the candidates are not always clear about their true intentions.
division /tm/ I guess there is no cross communication between parties and groups
Trump. El racismo de trump.
the border/po/just too many people crossing over theres a lot of trafficking of kids and drugs/ao/no
The economy /tm/ we have an awful lot of people who cant afford to buy a house in this day and age and I just paid $4 for a carton of eggs and we had to help my son buy a house he could have never done that on his own /ae/ no
economics aredefinitely weak, II've been a previous bsuniess owner and my experience in the economics tells me we;'ve got way too much governemnt overreach, many times I felt like they wanted us to dance and they wanted to step on our feet, a metaphore
I'd say. most important. the Political divide and we are so far apart and people wont listen to each other at all/ae/no
discrimination/tm/social discrimination against immigrants and people of color, Middle class and high class. racials discrimantion. all aross the board.
Reproductive rights, abortion ban /AE/ limited access to health care for pregnant women /AE/ No
economic /probe/ i feel like the everything buying is high. money, items are too high. /ae/I think that it should be decreased or stablized in a way that people that are not rich are able to live comfortably. /ae/ no
THe economy. Too high.
taking care of the people/putting the american's first /P -/ the main thing I think of when I say that is veterans and putting the people who have served this country first and homelessness
HIgh Taxes I don't think they're not equally spread across the board 
the immagration i feel like its not being controlled property they have people trying to come in the wrong way and then people trying to come in the right way and cant
the deficit and spending /p/ I just thingk we cant keep going like that and we cannot continue it has to be reined in a lot we are 35 trillion in debt.
Racism.Its about to get worse with the president. It got worse when he was first elected and it will get worse because white people feel like they can do whatever they want to do to us. /AO/ The president elect has shown favoritism towards racist groups. That scares me. /Ao/ No 
Our biggest problem now is donald Trump. I wasn't happy about the election.
the economy; increaseing grocery prices for families; everything has gone sky high in the past 4 years, and I dont think that will be chaning
Immigration. the way it is proposed to be handled by the incoming Presidentcy
climate change /tm/ well I think its a threat to the wellbeing of people and the resources that we have available 
Hatred and divide and bullying. Just looking at social, just like from this election just people who are fearmongering others and even the new president elect is a fearmonger, threats, just people who are being threatened for their own safety with the trans community and gay community, just children, and abuse, and there's a huge divide. 
Educational system there is a lot of kids of fairly behind than in the past, kids are in telligent in other areas,   alot of kids that are far behind
Immigratoin kinda of big right now so I will go with that one /probe/just a  lot of illegal immigrants sneak in and get jobs and get some of them in some places even get more like hands out and what not then normal residents in some areas. I think that is just not right and it messes with the balance and whatnot. I know our country is made from immigrants but i dont know the way its gone about needs to be worked on 
illegal immigration/wm/illegal
the economy its just too hifh everything is too high
I would say that we need to focus on rebuilding the FBI and CIA. /ms/ It has really left what the real standard was that they stood for and have been made into weapons, and have lost sight of what their original credence was.
inflation/probe/everything cost way too much
Non-unity. /ms/ I just think there's too much divisiveness across the citizens of the United States. Just not unified.
We'll just start off at the top I reckon, this border situation, immigration /probe/ it's not even immigration, it's about the amount of illegals coming over, their not immigrating their jumping our border /AE/ just start with that
immigration, they are illegal
the economy, buying and seliing of products, food. everything too high
I think the problem facing the country now is that the majority of the electorate voted for a facist.
The economy, /tm/ um it is not doing well um in all rhelms interest rates sky rocketing econmice pricing is horrible compared too the income of the what ujsed to be a you know a higher level tyhpe familt those people abarely able to manage taking care of themselves these days yeah not good 
Racism, it's the comments and the hate that goes for example black people or hispanic people, people that you don't think are equal and I feel that everybody is equal /AE/ No that's it
Our inability to compromise, based on what we hear in the news media and what I hear from other people there is no middle ground. Everyone feels their position is the correct position and there is no room for compromise. AE Well, I think the loudest voices seem to get the most attention and that is part of the problem AE I seem to notice that if I go to one of the major networks FOX or MSNBC it is vilification of the pary that is not supported by that channel and there is no room for compromise AE
The border. Letting people in illegally and then trying to support them.
Refusal
Immigration on womens health rights, the economy, and forieng relations
immigration /AE/ immigrants are flooding our country and getting resources that should go to Americans that deserve them /AE/
One problem now is inflation. The elderly like I am living on fixed income has a hard time surviving especially if they have to have medication. /AE/ No.
The public school system. I think the public school systme doesnt properly educate children into becoming people and knowing how to actually think.
I guess economy, schools, and like jobs. /probe/ (economy) prices are increased quite a lot and paying rents is like getting difficult before, and still is kindof, we need a change.
that's hard, the illegal immigrants with our broken system 
inflation- price of everything ike food has gone up,, gas, price of living has gone up
Political violence/wt/ people who have been elcected to very powerful officies have regulary been promoting violence as a solution to political disagreements
economics /probe/ price increase /AE/ cost of living /AE/ that's it
Inflation, we've gotta get it under control
Drugs
not meeting people right/po/they not doing things right they are gving the rich people more
The economy. We've let it has gotten out of hand. We care for ourselves more that we care about each other.
dk
poverty, there's just a lot of homeless people right now, everywhere, I couldn't tell you which ones of choice, but there are very many and I'm always donating stuff and handing people money on the corners when I don't even have it /AE/ No, well besides the fact that they keep getting tickets for staying in wooded areas, where are they suposed to stay? on the highway? I personally know one, so if you know one you know them all /AE/ No
inflation is hurting people
Housing. Affordable housing is not existent and people struggle to pay their bills every month and needs to be addressed.
economics, people worried about inflation, it's getting out of hand /AE/ wages not keeping up with the standards /AE/ greed, I shouldn't say that, but I do think greed sometimes /AE/ that'd be good
The border. Too many illegals coming over, they need to have more help at the border and they also need to have strong restrictions, and it's just gotten out of hand. 
Biggest problems facing this country - The gap between the highest income earners, moderate income earners to the highest.
Que no reconozcan el presidente a los gangs que no lo reconozcan como terroristas. que no los reconozcan como carteles son terroristas como los de Mexico.  Como quieren combatir los caretles de mexico si no combaten los de aqui.  
Economy, the price of things keep going up but salaries are staying the same.
Economy. Inflation; things becoming more expensive. It's getting harder for people to make ends meet or sustain their life.
the soon to be defunding of education
Housing projects. A lot of people don't have anywhere to live, standing on streets with signs. They don't want food. They want money. They don't have jobs and stuff. I declare.
i cannot think, i can't think, prejudice, there we go, thats a good one /tm/ i dont know, i can't in a brief go into i guess 
the economy / TM / The high cost of living 
Inflation /probe/ everything is so expensive and the government is spending all this money and that also rasies the inflation rate and it needs to be rained in a little bit
The economy, inflation, specifically /P. inflation has gone up faster than the average over the years and pay is not keeping up with that, pay increases are not keeping up with the level of inflation /P no
Border, Too many people coming across /AE/ Too many drugs, too many guns /AE/ Too many violent gangs from Venezuela, South America, you can just but South America. Venezuela is kinda hard. /AE/ No
Immgration  not vetting the people as they come in and we have a lot of murders fcrossing the borders /AE/ No
The President; I just dislike him; to me hes not very responsible. He just not responsible hes fake, Peopl  cant understand that IM sorry
Illegal immigration/tm/I feel they take a lot from the American people from taxes to jobs.
Probably abortion rights /p/ Its too ascessable to get an abortion and it shouldn't be as asscessable in some cases.
Immigration. I don't think that we should be letting just anybody over here, but I also feel that if the process for obtaining citizenship was more easier or more straight forward, it would help. 
Inflation; it's gotten out of control. /ae/ the future is scary for me; /ae/no
the economy-we are too much in debt and the inflation rate is too high and our groceries are over 25% too high
birth control I dont think that its anybody's business to make a decision about what others want to do with their bodies
Economy, well we don't know where we are at we are kinda stuck in the same place/ae/ thats about it
Economy. /pi/Expensive prices. /ae/costs of living/ae/that's it for right now.
Inflation. It's 30% higher overall. Interests rates have gone crazy. They're very high. I just got a loan at 6% and I have a perfect score, and that's the lowest the bank would give me.
Immigration; Theyve let too many illegals over her without venting them. Theyve just let toomany of thme over here. That and they take care ofthem when they send them over here. They dont care about the American people.
foreign relations /tm/ I think that our effectiveness in maintaining relationships with foreign countries could be stronger
RACISM/GUNS/THATS ALL
health care and how that is going to change
we're very divided and the people elected that man that he doesn't embody kanything i was ever toaught that is good in a human being and we're very divided over him
I think that there is a lack of morality. It just seems like we have gone to the extreme of whatever they feel like. I am a strong christian and I feel that what they're allowing is more with their behaviors and lifestyles. /AE/ None
The corportaitons getting more leeway with Mr. Trump. I'm worried about agencies getting less money and not protecting some of our resources. 
nepotism /tm/ oligarchy the systme of government is made for certain things and it tight knit as in its about who you know etc
our government /tm/ I would like to see term limits I think some are in for power or wealth not to accomplish things if limits were instituted like the president maybe they would work to get things done
transparency, honesty; i believe as all reationships theres a second side of a story, people pray upon volnerability; there should be more openness; I understand you cant chare everything, but htere shoul be more empathy; a non biased media sourse that can convey all this information in s non biased way
SSS- you concern if we wi;l still have that
The politcal division./p/Lack of working together, lack of compromise
the inflation...let me go back i think its the national debt /tm/ its way too big of a number
Homelessness /pi/there's too much of it, too many people homeless in too many areas, we spend too much money on other things. /ae/no, that's it.
inequality, inbalance between the way people or treated, wage gaps and walfare
Spending. We need to get our spending in order. I think they're spending too much money out of the country, and not spending it on the United States. They're there to protect the citizens of the U.S. We borrow too much money, and mostly from foreign countries.
Women's rights / TM/  them slowly being taken away and doesn't quite feel like an equal country for us
Drugs/tm/they cost you even tho you are not involved./ae/no
economy/tm/the low pay
Unity /tm/ I feel that there are different issues and there may be unity because of so much red but I see the issues as blue I dont understand what others are thinking
Opoid crises and homeless ness and theft/rq/theft/probe/it is not good for society and it detrimental to society and peoples safety and causes people to be paranoid about other people if there is potential theives among us. it is general negative other then people being able to feed themselves
Distrust, Dont believe anything their saying anymore. The government or politians.
The divisiveness in this country. It's very devisive right now. What we can do about it, I have no idea. Everyones so stuck in their political views. 
Our criminal justice system.  /ms/ Just lack of justice, lack of fairness.
DontKnow
fighting with the other countrys' wars I guess you would say
division/tm/so i was always taught that a house that is divided can't stand so if we as a nation are divided then we will have a solid foundation to stand on and if that's the case then anything can come cause issues and problems and ultimately destroy what it is we are talking about
i think the biggest issue facing this country is the lack of education 
i'd say police  brutality maybe 
Border is a very serious problem. The morons do have an answer, they just say we can't do this because..."
Refusal
I don't know. 
war; i would say um as far as deciding who wer're gonna nad help how; and if we're going to ontervene, and if itsproper to intervene or not; 
I guess the disparity in income of the very well-to-do and those that live paycheck to paycheck. It's just so difficult for them to save for retirement. And those who make a lot of money, it's easier to make more money. If you don't have much money it's hard to get to get a leg up. I don't know if it's a right or wrong question; it's just what I see as a disparity, which segueways into my second concern.
illegal immgration A/E No
Inflation; it's too high; /ae/ everything is expensive
i think probably enforcing antitrust laws, womens health
Climate Change. I think there are a lot of enivormental changes that were facing and the people in power refuse to acknowledge them
Trust in others
border, immigration/tm/border patrol. that's it
economy I mean inflation
Climate change/tm/I think we are responsible for it, our lifestyle and big business, oil companies, are a big part of it.
Climate change, I think it's probably if something isn't done it's going to get too far gone to correct, time is running short on that /AE/ No, not on climate change.
The Economy. Should keep jobs here. Inflation needs to be controlled. Shouldn't have to pay over $4.00 for eggs.
Refusal
I can't think of a serious problem other than the border problem /probe/ it's insecure /AE/ insecure is the only thing I can think of but I think each political party goes out of their way to stir up the problem, they go to places to stir up the problem /AE/ that's it
No one can agree with each other on anything
Our economy. Uncertainty. I believe we are facing uncertain times.
Slowly; they aint got the right peoples in there. /ao/no
Immigration. The lack of control. Not following our guidelines. 
Im really worried about the gay community and trans community, and womens rights about their body
Chronic misinformation. No one is able to know what is really true anymore because they're just getting fed whatever new source, or person, is telling them. Pervasive lying. 
cost of living
the education system, /tm/ the universities and some schools becoming less affordable and ridiculous requirements to get your general credits
Healthcare. Not enough of it. Not enough doctors. Not as good as it used to be./ae/no.
Being at war. Well we nobody wants to be at war. The devestation the loss life that goes with going to war. Is that right? I'm just telling you what worries me. /AE/ There is just so much that goes with it. There is just so much that goes with being at war. It's going to effect everyone. /AE/ no
They keep voting the wrong president in, cause he's all for hisself and nobody else, just hisself, very self-centered man /AE/ people don't listen to all the questions they're asked and they just go with one, vote for him, vote for him, I think they spend too much money on campaigns /AE/ all he wants in there is billionaires and no one regular class, I was listening to this last night, he was not my choice of a president /AE/ he wants to cut all 85 I listen to a lot of that, we're old and they don't listen to us and he don't realize he's old too /AE/ No 
Immigration. That's a problem. /ms/ Letting too many illegal aliens coming in. We're putting too much money toward them to make their lives better.
inflation /tell/ A carton of eggs is $4.65. 
I'm having trouble finding the word for it, the way that your money doesn't go very far and that you're having trouble just meeting your bills, the economy, that's it, I guess that your money doesn't stretch the way that it needs to and it doesn't look like there's any way that they will be fixing it /AE/ No, I guess that sort of covers it don't you think? You don't have money to get what you want and there's no way to get money because who wants to hire a 90 year old lady /AE/ No, that'll do fine, it was supposed to be brief anyway
Unity. /ms/ People need to get their act together and have respect for each other. It's not business what religion you are, what geneder you are. As long as we treat each other with respectme nice.
from a social basis ther si amssive shift toward rgt wing culture, there is a swath of misinformation thia is becoming th social consessus
The economy in general. The fact that I'm still making the same amount of money I was 5 years ago and prices have gone up. The price of living has gotten higher and the pay isn't changing.
